The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has called for better negotiation skills in curbing illicit financial flows. Illicit financial flows (IFFs) are illegal movements of money or capital from one country to another for various reasons. Bolaji Owasanoye, ICPC chairman, made this call in his opening remarks at the commission’s two-day workshop on mitigating illicit financial flows, according to a statement by Azuka Ogugua, ICPC spokesperson. The workshop, themed ‘Capacity building for Nigeria’s negotiators for improved terms of engagement with the rest of the world’, was recently held at the commission’s headquarters in Abuja, DailyTimes gathered. Owasanoye said globalisation has made interactions with diverse global communities inevitable. READ ALSO: Defection: Hon. Azubogu to lose APGA Senatorial ticket However, he said the rules of engagement are typically unfavourable to poor economies of the global south who lack the development and technological advancements of the global north. “This has often led to poorly constructed trade agreements which have ultimately been disadvantageous to the growth of the country and also opened loopholes to encourage illicit financial flow,” he said. Owasanoye illustrated the archaic practice of European superpowers using their military might to cohesively reach a one-sided agreement with economic “minions”. The “gunboat diplomacy”, he said, eventually forced nations without capacity to depend on imperialists for raw materials and overseas markets. “This inimical approach was eventually countered by the Hague Convention (No 2) Respecting the Limitation of the Employment of Force for the Recovery of Contract Debts of 1907 and then replaced by diplomatic protection whereby states exchanged notes on how investors should be treated by other governments,” he said. The ICPC boss outlined several reasons why there was a need to focus on capacity building to improve negotiation skills especially in the trade and investment sector. “Nigeria requires trade and investment to grow the economy. To attain this desire, we must have the potential to harness capital and technology in a manner that is not inimical to development,” he said. Also speaking at the event, Adeyemi Dipeolu, chairman, inter-agency committee on stopping illicit financial flows (IFFs) from Nigeria, said “the consequences of poor negotiations can range from paying twice as much as your neighbour for the same item to costing your country a billion dollars in a mining concession.” The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs. Zainab Ahmed, says Federal Government policies on tax exemptions and concessions are among sources of huge revenue leakages. A tax exemption is the right to exclude all or some income from taxation while a tax concession is a reduction made by… In "Business" *Says Labour ministry, UCH Ibadan involved in recruitment scam The chairman of the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), Bolaji Owasanoye, says 257 projects amounting to N20.138 billion were duplicated in the 2021 budget. The ICPC chairman while speaking at the third national summit on diminishing corruption… In "News" The Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU) has disagreed with the 2021 Mutual Assessment Evaluation on Nigeria released by the Economic Community of West African States agency, the Inter-Governmental Action Group against Money Laundering, alleging that N18 billion ISWAP funds were laundered through Nigeria’s formal financial system, saying the claim was… In "Headlines"