The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has fixed tomorrow (Friday) as the deadline for the submission of presidential candidates and their running mates. It was gathered that political parties participating in the 2023 general election have all concluded their primaries. This political parties now have to pick a running mate before INEC’s deadline. READ ALSO: Breaking: Atiku to announce Okowa as running mate See below a list of all presidential candidates and their running mate: Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu – All Progressives Congress (APC) Alhaji Atiku Abubakar/ Governor Ifeanyi Okowa – Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Dumebi Kachikwu – African Democratic Congress (ADC) Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso – New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) Kola Abiola – Peoples Redemption Party (PRP) Dan Inwanyawu – Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) Adewole Adebayo – Social Democratic Party (SDP) Peter Obi – Labour Party (LP) Malik Ado-Ibrahim – Youths Progressives Party (YPP) Omoyele Sowore – African Action Congress (AAC) Hamza Al Mustapha – Action Alliance (AA) Peter Umeadi – All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) Yabaji Sani – Action Democratic Party (ADP) Christopher Imumolen – Accord Party (AP) Okwudili Nwa-Anyajike – National Rescue Mission (NRM) As political parties prepare to fill vice-presidential posts for the 2023 elections, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, the Peoples Democratic Party's standard-bearer, is claimed to have narrowed his search to one individual for consideration as his running mate. It was gathered that Atiku's allies are focusing on Delta State Governor Ifeanyi Okowa… In "Breaking" All the political parties in Nigeria have conducted their presidential primary elections. June 9, 2022, was the deadline set by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, for completion of primaries and submission of presidential candidates. The ruling All Progress Congress, APC, chose its candidate, in the person of the Asiwaju… In "Politics" By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will today screen the Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike as Vice Presidential candidate of the party ahead of the 2023 general election. Towards this, the National Working Committee (NWC) of the party Tuesday night constituted a 12 member Vice Presidential Candidate Screening… In "Headlines"