Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife, on Monday, condemned the killings of innocent worshippers at St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo on Sunday. It was gathered that the church was attacked yesterday by unknown gunmen, leading to the killing of scores of worshippers, DailyTimes gathered. In a statement posted via his Instagram account, Ogunwusi stated in strong terms that the Yoruba people cannot be overrun in their homes, adding that they are ready to defend themselves against “external invaders.” READ ALSO: Five family members reportedly dead over alleged deity… The statement partly read, “What occurred yesterday was a gruesome massacre dastardly targeted at turning Yorubaland into a war zone. However, we the descendants of Oduduwa, although peace-loving, cannot be overrun in our own homes, do not be mistaken, we have the capacity and are prepared and ready to defend ourselves against all external invaders.” “I implore the six governors across the South-West region and their brothers nationwide as well as the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.)-led Federal Government, to live up to their oaths of securing Nigerians and ensuring safety for all citizens irrespective of their age, sex, religion or tribe.” By Stephen Gbadamosi Leader of the apex body for Yoruba self-determination and self-preservation movements, Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide (IOOW), Professor Banji Akintoye, has described the Sunday attack allegedly unleashed against Christian worshipers at St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo-State by "gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen that left about 85… In "Headlines" By Tosin Ajuwon, Akure and Ukpono Ukpong It was a gory site on Sunday, as scores of worshippers were killed in an attack launched by gunmen, suspected to be Fulani herdsmen, on St. Francis Catholic Church in Owo, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State. It was gathered that the… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has condemned the gruesome terrorist attack and killing of over 50 innocent worshippers during a church service at St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo State on Sunday. The PDP is alarmed by reports of how the terrorists invaded the church, opened fire… In "News"