The Leadership of the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, on Thursday condemned in totality the linking of the name of the Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Mr. Peter Obi in the Ezu River killings. The group also demanded the immediate release of members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, and other pro-Biafra agitators who are languishing in Nigerian police cells and prisons. The leadership of MASSOB made this known in a statement signed by the National Director of Information, Mr. Edeson Samuel and made available to journalists in Abakaliki, Ebonyi State. The statement reads in part: “The Biafra actualization and restoration can never be abandoned or jeopardized, our belief for Biafra is infallible and unshakable. We advised the oppressed, abandoned, deprived and mesmerized youths, women, men and students to secure their PVCs to enable them remove their oppressors and tyrannical leaders from the federal to state governments. The group, however, warned that the 2023 general election must be peaceful, fair and credible. That INEC must maintain the Independency of their name in discharging their electoral duties. “MASSOB expresses surprise that one Simon Ekpa that is based in Finland will use the instrument of social media to distort the open truth about Ezu river killings of MASSOB members. Members of MASSOB were arrested by the defunct SARS in Anambra State led by James Nwafor, a notorious policeman. He later killed them alongside other suspected criminals and dump their bodies at Ezu river, Amansea Awka. READ ALSO: Woman cries out after husband killed & buried their child with the help of a pastor for rituals “We advise distorters of truth and paid agents of destruction to stop attaching Mr Peter Obi’s name to Ezu river killings, he did not order or supervise the arrest and subsequent gruesome killing of MASSOB members. “We demand the release of our members, IPOB members and other members of pro-Biafra agitators from Nigeria police cells and prisons. The group vowed to show solidarity with the continued detention of the leader of IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. “Arrest and detentions do not break the spirit of Biafra in us. The continuous detention of our brother, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and the rigmarole of his court processes will never break him or jeopardize our quest for Biafra actualization and restoration” the group stated. Mr. Jude Ezenwafor, the factional presidential candidate of the Labour Party has reportedly withdrawn from the contest. Ezenwafor had received ultimatum from the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide led by Mazi Okwu Nnabuike to withdraw from the contest. I t was gathered that he took the decision via a letter… In "Breaking" Apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has lambasted the South-East Governors over the woeful outing of presidential aspirants of Igbo extraction in the recently conducted presidential primaries of the two leading political parties. Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide said in a statement issued on Saturday by its President-General, Mazi Okwu… In "News" The Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, has tasked the governorship candidates of the various political parties that participated in the just-concluded Anambra state election, to desist from challenging in court the victory of the new governor elect, Prof. Charles Soludo, who contested under the… In "News"