Obinze community, in Owerri West Local Government Area of Imo State, has been thrown into mourning after a family of 12 was found unconscious in their apartment. Five of the family of twelve have died from unconfirmed causes while seven others are reportedly still battling for their lives. A community source told DAILY POST that other affected members of the family were rushed to the General hospital Umuguma in Owerri west council area. ”This morning five people were confirmed dead but the number of persons who died after can’t be ascertained for now as doctors are seriously attending to the unconscious ones in the hospital. According to him,” it has to do with juju matter connected to a land dispute, mysterious deaths have been ravaging the Obokwu Obinze ever since a dangerous diety was brought into the family to establish a truth about a particular land matter but unfortunately, the diety later turned to kill the person that brought it and after which it attacked more households.” READ ALSO: 2023: Ken Nnamani withdraws from APC presidential race He said two unconscious persons have been revived at a cherubim church where they were rushed to receive prayers since they are aware of the ugly effects and attacks of such a black African diety The man, Kingsley Oguzie, a twin, a two-year-old child, a 12-year-old girl and another adult have been confirmed dead. The source said others including the wife of the deceased are still very unconscious. ”Oguzie is not an official driver of the senatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in Owerri zone, Uche Onyeagucha but one of the acquaintances from Obokwu, the source said. For many decades, Community-based health workers (CHW) have been playing key roles in improving the health status of people especially women and children in rural and remote areas, IDPs where skilled Doctors, pharmacists, and midwives are absent. In this report, DOOSUUR IWAMBE X- rayed how training of CHW will reduce… In "News" The Imo State Police Command, on Thursday, said it has uncovered a deadly shrine and arrested seven suspected members of the Eastern Security Network, ESN, of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, as well as a live python they used to fortify themselves before attacks. The State Police Public Relations… In "News" By Tunde Opalana National chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dr. Iyorchia Ayu on Wednesday presented certificate of return to the party's presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. Atiku emerged PDP flag bearer early Sunday morning after defeating other aspirants at the party's special national convention held at the Moshood… In "2023 Elections"