The Federal Government has given indications that the lingering tussle between it and the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is complex. The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, said this on Wednesday after the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting chaired by President Muhammadu Buhari. He said that in spite of the complexities, a lot is being done behind the scene to resolve the issues, DailyTimes gathered. The minister argued that the Federal Government is concerned about the protracted issues with the lecturers and will continue to work to find an early resolution to the problem. READ ALSO: Gunmen attack celestial church in Ogun, kidnap two ASUU embarked on its latest nationwide strike since February 14 over issues bothering the adoption of the Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS), non-payment of salaries and allowances, and poor funding of universities among others. As part of moves to end the four-month-old strike, the government and officials of the union continued their negotiations on Monday. The meeting between the striking lecturers and the Professor Nimi Briggs Committee, however, ended without a concrete agreement as members planned to reconvene within 24 hours to consider a draft agreement. Talks between both parties were held at the Nigeria University Commission (NUC) in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). A senior member of the union, who attended the meeting, told Channels Television that they reached some agreements with the Federal Government but members had to take a break and reconvene within 24 hours to consider the new terms in the draft agreement. The Federal Government set up the committee led by Professor Briggs on March 7 with a three-month mandate to renegotiate the 2009 ASUU/Federal Government agreement. By Ukpono Ukpong .Appeals to ASUU, other varsity based unions to suspend their strike The Federal Government has said it would spend about N34 billion on the ongoing payment of minimum wage consequential adjustments to education sector workers with effect from 2019. The beneficiaries include the members of the striking… In "Headlines" BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), has expressed hope that its ongoing negotiation with the Federal Government over their long-standing differences that have crippled academic activities in the nation’s public universities for about five months now would be over soon. The President of the union, Prof… In "Headlines" By Ukpono Ukpong The Federal Government says it is studying the judgment of the commercial court of England and Wales, which ruled that there was no evidence of fraud in the OPL 245 transaction. Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, said this on Wednesday while fielding questions from journalists… In "Headlines"