Chris D’Agostino better known as ‘Chris Dag’ has announced that he will be doing a 4th of July giveaway to celebrate and commemorate US Independence Day. He made the revelation during an instagram live session to parley with his followers and fans. Chris, who only several days ago made a donation of sports gear and equipment to his High School, said this giveaway is a follow up to that donation and will lead up to 4th of July, Independence Day. The ultimate winner, in addition to getting some cash and jersey gifts, will have the opportunity to hang out and spend a day with Chris and watch him training and see how his typical day goes. Chris says he will host several interactive live sessions with his followers once every week starting from the 12th of June till the 3rd of July, where he will answer some questions about himself, his career and also give away tips to aspiring athletes on how to keep fit as well as advance their dreams and careers. “I always love interacting and getting feedback from my fans and followers, it helps me know what to change, improve on or what the fans want to hear or see me do. Getting feedback, positive or negative ones, helps me improve my game and myself in general”, says D’Agostino. READ ALSO: Why Tinubu won APC presidential primary – Shettima Dag explained that he will be having these live sessions with the aim of sharing his life experiences and exchanging training tips with followers. “It will be an intimate no holds barred live session, like having a one-on-one with my fans and followers”, he said. “My mission is to inspire, motivate and empower others, especially young people to follow their dreams.” Chris D’Agostino is a College baseball player, 50 mile ultra runner, philanthropist and entrepreneur. His first competitive event as a 50 mile ultra runner is later this year on October 8th. Since Instagram introduced its LIVE streaming option where you can add multiple people to go live with you, it has become one of the easiest ways for individuals and businesses to interact with fans/followers, showcase their talents/products, and get information across to their followers.Attachments area The CEO of Brighttiss LLC and the Braids by Titi salon brand is frequently in the news these days. The America-based CEO whose real name is Priskeylia Tifu, popularly known as Titi Dama recently conducted a massive giveaway on her social media pages @iamtitidama. The philanthropic effort Which she titled… In "Entertainment" The attention of the Ndiezes Igbo and the Igbo Delegates Assembly (IDA) has been drawn to the statement credited to the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige (Onwa) that the Ndiezes in the 19 States of the North and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) as well as the… In "News" Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo on Monday officially joined the race for the presidency as he declared his intention to contest in the 2023 general elections. Osinbajo, in a short broadcast on his Twitter handle, on Monday morning, said, “I believe that the very reason that the Almighty God gave me these… In "News"