As political parties prepare to fill vice-presidential posts for the 2023 elections, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, the Peoples Democratic Party’s standard-bearer, is claimed to have narrowed his search to one individual for consideration as his running mate. It was gathered that Atiku’s allies are focusing on Delta State Governor Ifeanyi Okowa for the vice presidential position. According to an authoritative source who spoke on the condition of anonymity to The PUNCH, Okowa may be introduced as Atiku’s running mate in the near future, barring a last-minute change. Okowa had played a prominent role in Atiku’s emergence as the standard-bearer of the PDP during the party’s convention last May. “Okowa mobilized resources for us throughout the primary,” a source stated. Even though some argue for (Nyesom) Wike and (Emmanuel) Udom, he is the favoured candidate.” Meanwhile, the report of a PDP committee comprised of governors, members of the National Working Committee, and members of the Board of Trustees set up to find a viable running mate for the party is anticipated today, Tuesday. Atiku, on the other hand, is thought to be uncomfortable with Wike as his running mate because he believes the governor dislikes him. READ ALSO: Gunmen attack celestial church in Ogun, kidnap two In the 2019 presidential primary election, Wike worked for Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, but Atiku still secured the ticket. Some top guns in the PDP are also said to be uncomfortable with Wike as Atiku’s running mate “because the VP is just a heartbeat away from being the president”. The NWC of the PDP has set up a committee to screen the vice-presidential candidate of the party for the 2023 elections. The deadline for political parties to file candidates for the presidential election has been set for June 17, 2022 by the Independent National Electoral Commission. By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will today screen the Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike as Vice Presidential candidate of the party ahead of the 2023 general election. Towards this, the National Working Committee (NWC) of the party Tuesday night constituted a 12 member Vice Presidential Candidate Screening… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has commenced a healing process in the party by paying visits to his opponents in last Saturday's presidential primary election. The former Vice President on Monday visited Rivers State Governor, Mr Nyeson Wike, former Senate President,… In "Headlines" The Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Atiku Abubakar, on Wednesday, held a closed door meeting with governors elected on the party’s platform. Atiku summoned the meeting hours before Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu, was officially announced the standard bearer of the All Progressives Congress, DailyTimes gathered. It was gathered that… In "2023 Elections"