By Kingsley Chukwuka In their quest to create more employment opportunities for Nigerians, NASCO Foods is set to launch a new plant for its most wanted Fast Moving Consumers Goods (FMCGs), NASCO Cornflakes. The new plant for cornflakes becomes necessary considering the demand and expansion of the brand over the years culminating into increased production to meet customers demand, DailyTimes gathered. In an invite sent to our correspondent by the Group Corporate Communications Advisor for NASCO, Barr. Haroun Audu, the food company said it has invested massively to expand the Nigerian foremost, most dependable and leading cornflakes production facility. RAED ALSO: Defection: Hon. Azubogu to lose APGA Senatorial ticket According to Audu: “The commissioning of the new plant is a factor for employment generation, helping people to reconnect with nature, and for natural nourishing goodness. “Through this historic undertaking, NASCO is poised to unlock and unleash massive growth opportunities across the value chain, with low environmental impact and promotion of sustainable farming. “We have confidence in the resilience of our Nigerian compatriots, in the inherent potential of our economy and of our present and future greatness”, he said. By Nosa Akenzua Former Anambra State governor, Mr. Peter Obi, on Monday, promised to return Nigeria to its rightful owners after his emergence as the presidential candidate of the Labour Party. He was elected on Monday afternoon during the party’s National Convention, at Orchid Hotel, Asaba, Delta State after Prof.… In "Headlines" AFEX, Nigeria's leading commodities market player has launched the one million Cocoa Tree Planting Initiative. The initiative would see AFEX plant one million cocoa trees across cocoa-producing regions in Nigeria. The flag-off ceremony, hosted by His Imperial Majesty (H.I.M), Ooni Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Ooni of Ife, took place on Friday,… In "News" By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet), issue of low level of irrigation farming, climate change seem to have been tackled. With the increasing population, estimated to reach 400 million by 2050, enhanced agriculture productivity through adaptation of new technologies and innovations is necessary to ensure food security and… In "News"