By Tom Garba The Adamawa State Police Command have rescued 20 victims of kidnapping and arrested 72 Kidnappers in three months in their operations across the state. Commissioner of Police, Adamawa State Command, Sikiru Akande, disclosed this at a press briefing in Yola. He said the Police had also recovered AK 47 rifle, pistol, dane guns, ammunition, motorcycles, cash of N358,500 and others, DailyTimes gathered. The Commissioner thanked sister security agencies, journalists, the state government and all stakeholders for their contributions towards the success. He noted that the police will not rest on its oars until all criminals are brought to book urging the general public to maintain their unflinching support to the command. While assuring the general public that all those apprehended will be duly and diligently prosecuted on completion of investigation, he appreciated members of the general public and further assured that all the suspects will be diligently prosecuted on completion of investigation. READ ALSO: Why Nigeria has not removed fuel subsidy – Buhari “The police will not relent in the manhunt of those suspects at large until they are apprehended and brought to book. We are reassuring all that measures are in place to ensure peace and stability in the state,” he said. The Bishop of Anglican Communion, Kaduna Diocese, Timothy Yahaya has asked the Federal Government to fasten the release of all the victims of the March 28 Kaduna train attack from the custody of their abductors. On March 28, terrorists attacked an Abuja-Kaduna-bound train in Kaduna State, killing eight passengers, injuring… In "News" By Abiodun Taiwo Gunmen have attacked the Celestial Church of Christ, Oshofa Parish, at Wasimi, Ewekoro Local Government Area of Ogun State on Tuesday. The gunmen were said to have kidnapped the Assistant Shepherd of the parish, Oluwaseun Ajose and a Sunday school teacher identified as Dagunro Ayobami. The two… In "News" The Imo State Police Command, on Thursday, said it has uncovered a deadly shrine and arrested seven suspected members of the Eastern Security Network, ESN, of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, as well as a live python they used to fortify themselves before attacks. The State Police Public Relations… In "News"