By Ukpono Ukpong The Federal Capital Territory Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello, yesterday swore-in the newly-elected six Area Council Chairmen and their deputies, in compliance with the court order. Bello, while inaugurating the Chairmen, urged them to focus on good governance aimed at satisfying the yearnings and aspirations of the electorate. The Chief Judge of the FCT, Justice Hussaini Yusuf, represented by Justice Suleiman Belgore, administered the Oath of Office to the Chairmen and their deputies. The Minister also enjoined them to abide by the Oath of Office, depend the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and the rules and regulations of the FCT. “The time of electioneering campaign is over. Now it is time to face and focus on good governance to ensure that electorate enjoy more dividends of democracy in the territory. “You should accord priority attention to primary health care services. I also advise you to give attention to sanitation primary education and other basic social amenities,” Bello said. On his part, the Mandate Secretary for FCT Area Councils Services Secretariat, Alhaji Abubakar Dantsoho, also enjoined the chairmen to prioritise their area of concentration. “You were elected to perform and you are going to be judge by your performance. You can see about three of them were reelected if they have not perform well I’m sure they will not be elected by the electorate. READ ALSO: Malabu oil: FG loses $1.7bn JP Morgan case “So, it is a very big challenge, it is not a time for jamboree. It is time for governance and I urge them to do the best, otherwise, we will be out for them. “At the FCT Area Council Services Secretariat we are very in charge of the area councils and we will be going after them, inspecting their programmes and whoever didn’t perform we will the law will take it cost.” Earlier, the chairmen, while taking their Oath of Office, pledged to defend the constitution of Nigeria and abide by the rules and regulations guiding the running of FCT without any fear or favour. They also vowed to govern in fairness, devoid of discrimination to all residents, irrespective of political, ethnic or religious affiliations, even as they promised to discharge their duties in the best of their abilities in honesty and integrity. By Ukpono Ukpong The Abuja natives have called on the FCT Minister to swear-in the elected chairmen and their councilors without any delay. This follows the judgement by the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) High Court sitting in Kubwa district under Justice Mohammed Ibrahim setting aside the judgment given in favour… In "News" By Ukpono Ukpong The FCT Minister, Malam Mohammed Bello, has finally bowed to pressure from Abuja natives and has scheduled the swearing-in of the Chairmen and Counsellors elect for Tuesday, June 14. Addressing the angry protesters who breached the security, gained access and hold the workers of the Federal Capital… In "News" Tunde Opalana & Ukpong Ukpono There is palpable tension in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja over a year elongation of the tenure of chairmen and councilors in the six area councils, a day before expiration of their tenure. The council chairmen and councilors who were elected in 2019 ought… In "Headlines"