The Medical and Health Workers Union of Nigeria (MHWUN) of the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has embarked on strike. Speaking on Wednesday at NAFDAC office in Lagos, Auwalu Yusuf Kiyawa, state chairman of the union, said the strike begins with immediate effect. Kiyawa said the union will not call off the strike until the workers are paid their welfare packages. A source however disclosed that only the Lagos and southern part of the union embarked on the strike. The source said though the entire union agrees on the matter of welfare package, the Abuja and northern axis of the union disagree on the strike as the method to achieving their demands because they believe it is premature. “According to the director of administration, the workers declared a strike action but the union is divided. “The Lagos/southern people are the ones currently on strike. Abuja and the northern axis are not on strike. They are not all gathered in one place. The chairman is in Lagos and the vice-chairman is in Abuja, DailyTimes gathered. “The Abuja axis believes that the strike is premature and that they will not join. As I speak with you, the staff in Abuja and other northern states are in their offices. They want to give management time. READ ALSO: Abdulrazaq flags off fresh support for Kwara’s crop… “The management is trying to hold a meeting with them so until after that meeting, they will now decide. If management does not give in to their request, then they can join Lagos people. “The issue is bordering on staff welfare. The Lagos and Abuja chapters are unanimous on the issue but the method of achieving it is what they disagree on, particularly the timing. “The first meeting that was called did not hold because the permanent secretary of health who was supposed to be at that meeting had to attend the federal executive council meeting. They are trying to fix another meeting but the Lagos people refused saying they want to go on strike,” the source said. The union had also gone on strike in 2021 over the backlog of unpaid financial claims, poor work environment, lack of staff bus to ease transportation difficulties, and discriminatory payment of COVID-19 palliative. By Ukpono Ukpong The Minister of Labour and Employment Chris Ngige says the Federal Government has been meeting with the Academic Union of Universities (ASUU) over its lingering strike and assured Nigerians that the dispute with the lecturers will be resolved soon. Ngige said this on Wednesday while briefing the… In "Headlines" By Doosuur Iwambe Education reporters in Nigeria, under the aegis of the Education Writers’ Association of Nigeria, EWAN, have staged a peaceful protest to demand the immediate reopening of public universities in the country which have been shut down for months due to strike embarked upon by staff unions, especially… In "News" By Ukpono Ukpong .Appeals to ASUU, other varsity based unions to suspend their strike The Federal Government has said it would spend about N34 billion on the ongoing payment of minimum wage consequential adjustments to education sector workers with effect from 2019. The beneficiaries include the members of the striking… In "Headlines"