By Motolani Oseni WhatsApp has announced the launch of the WhatsAppreneurs campaign, profiling small entrepreneurs from Africa who are using the WhatsApp Business app to grow their business and reach more customers. The campaign will highlight the stories of Small and Medium Business owners in Africa, and help them and others like them learn more about business growth opportunities available with the WhatsApp Business app through a virtual educational webinar. Commenting on the launch of the WhatsAppreneurs campaign, Balkissa Ide Siddo, Public Policy Director for Africa said “Across Africa, small and medium business owners are using the WhatsApp Business app to develop their business, showcase their products, close sales, and connect with their customers. READ ALSO: Malabu oil: FG loses $1.7bn JP Morgan case “The WhatsApp Business app provides a tool to help businesses thrive in their markets, reach more customers, and grow their businesses consistently. We are delighted to be a part of the success stories of small businesses that are so important to African communities.” As SMBs represent a sizable percentage of the economic population demonstrating great potential for growth, opportunity creation, and overcoming poverty post-pandemic, there is a need to provide support through digital tools to help them scale. The WhatsAppreneur campaign serves the purpose of providing the resources businesses need to unlock their growth potential and help build a more resilient, inclusive, and empowered society. In addition to helping businesses grow, the WhatsApp Business app also provides an opportunity for businesses to create a much deeper and stronger relationship with their customers, often starting with real-time 1:1 conversations via chat, unlike transactional phone calls or SMSs. The WhatsApp Business app is free and allows users to create a business catalogue on WhatsApp that users from anywhere can view. SMB owners can download the WhatsApp Business App at https://business.whatsapp.com/ and start the journey towards growing their business. Saying that Small and Medium Scale Enterprises (SMEs) form the bulk of the businesses in Nigeria is stating the obvious. According to data, SMEs contribute 48% of national GDP, account for 96% of businesses and 84% of employment. Despite this significant contribution, the challenges that hinder the growth and development… In "News" By Joy Obakeye Google has announced its first product development centre in Africa, to be located in Nairobi. The new product development centre will help to create transformative products and services for people in Africa and around the world and will be hiring visionary engineers, product managers, UX designers and… In "Technology" Founder and CEO of Hadegold Media, Aladewura Adegboyega has unveiled a plan to make social media marketing a convenience for everyone through the use of a mobile application that would be launched soon by his company. Speaking about the new app, Sir Adegold, as he is fondly called by friends… In "Brands"