Apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has lambasted the South-East Governors over the woeful outing of presidential aspirants of Igbo extraction in the recently conducted presidential primaries of the two leading political parties. Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide said in a statement issued on Saturday by its President-General, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike that South-East Governors traded-off the people’s pride and destiny. He asked the Movement for the Actualization of Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, and the Association of South-East Town Unions, ASETU, to focus their anger on the governors and not the delegates, DailyTimes gathered. Both groups had disclosed that they were compiling the names of South-East delegates to the conventions, with the aim of giving them appropriate punishments. READ ALSO: Olubadan installs Ladoja as Otun-Olubadan But Ohanaeze differed with them, noting that the delegates merely carried out orders given to them by the governors. “It is wrong for anyone to say the delegates should be punished. Nobody should touch any of the delegates to the PDP and the APC national conventions. “The real enemies of Ndigbo are the governors who ordered the delegates to vote for non-Igbos. It is a show of shame that the South-East governors could not muster votes to at least show the rest of the country that we are serious with the demand for a Nigeria President of Igbo extraction. “Instead, they traded-off our pride with their selfish interest. They have by this singular act shown themselves to be the real enemies of Ndigbo. “We, therefore, call on the MASSOB and ASETU to direct their anger towards the governors, who must tell us what happened to Igbo votes during the conventions. Any attempt to attack the delegates is an exercise in futility and would be resisted,” Okwu stated. The apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, has denied threatening to work against the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, in the 2023 presidential election. The group was reacting to a press release reportedly made by an unnamed person, on behalf of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, which claimed… In "News" By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the emergence of the former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar as its presidential candidate as an indication that the 2023 election will be a moment of historic decision of all Nigerians to right the wrongs of the misrule by… In "Headlines" .Say ex-VP’s emergence, a blazing affront on the people of Southern Nigeria Leaders of thoughts, elder statesmen from four of the six geo-political zones of the country, under the aegis of Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum (SMBLF) led by South-South Leader, Chief Edwin Clark have lampooned the opposition Peoples… In "Headlines"