The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday said it has shut operations in four troubled local government areas of Anambra State, where cases of insecurity have become rife. Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) of INEC in Anambra State, Dr. Nkwachukwu Orji stated this during a press conference at the commission’s headquarters in Awka Anambra’ State capital. The commission said the ongoing continuous voters registration (CVR) exercise across the country can no longer be held in the affected areas because of cases of gunmen attack. It also denied rumours making the rounds that its staff are collecting money from registrants to undergo the process. Orji while briefing journalists said: “The Anambra State office of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has observed a recent surge in the number of citizens seeking to register during the ongoing Continuous Voters Registration (CVR) exercise. “This surge in the number of prospective registrants has put the substantial pressure on the resources and capacity of the commission. It has also led to long queuing time and other inconveniences on the part of the prospective registrants.” Nkwachukwu said the “Commission is addressing these challenges through measures such as creation of additional registration centres in the state and LGA offices as well as reopening of some LGA offices that were shut down as a result of insecurity.” READ ALSO: Court jails Chinese man over Naira mutilation “The public is reminded that registration in the CVR exercise is free of charge. The commission is ready to work with the public to fish out and discipline any staff of the commission engaged in extortion or any other form of misconduct during the exercise. Members of the public should feel free to contact the commission for enquiries and complaints using the approved WhatsApp number.” It added that the exercise would continue to run till June 30, 2022. By Tunde Opalana Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof. Mahmood Yakubu has assured Nigerians of credible election in 2023. He gave the assurance while addressing national commissioners at a retreat in Lagos on Monday. Yakubu reiterated that party primaries are scheduled to commence next Monday and end… In "Politics" ...hails deployment of new technology for voters accreditation A civil society group, the Citizens Intervention and Accountability Network has said that it would collaborate with the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to address the challenges of voter apathy,  in the urban and rural areas during elections.This was stated when the… In "Politics" The Independent National Electoral Commission INEC, on Monday ran a mock exercise with the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) in Ekiti, ahead of the state’s governorship election. BVAS facilitates the accreditation of voters on election day, DailyTimes gathered. Speaking to reporters during the exercise, INEC’s Chairman, Mahmood Yakubu said the… In "Headlines"