By Ukpono Ukpong The Director General of National Youth Service Corps NYSC, Brigadier General Muhammad Fadah has advised Corps Members to be patient, hardworking and embrace dignity of labour which are the hallmark of a successful leader. He said their potentials as graduates of different courses has placed them on the ladder of success, but they need to be disciplined because impatience can jeopardise their future ambitions,  DailyTimesNGR gathered. The DG gave the advice yesterday while addressing Corps Members during his visit to NYSC Kwara State Orientation Camp in Yikpata, Edu Local Government Area of the State. READ ALSO: 2023: Leaked election document, opposition’s… “Please be patient and avoid any form of shortcut to success. NYSC has no place for fraud, cybercrime, drug abuse and other forms of social vices. Anyone that is caught violating NYSC laws would be sanctioned appropriately”, he said. Speaking further, General Fadah urged the Corps Members to be conscious of their security, during and even after their service year, adding that he would ensure the safety of all Corps Members. The Director General also admonished the Corps Members to obey the rules and regulations in their respective places of Primary assignments. He urged them to be patriotic and contribute their quota to National development as good ambassadors of their families, states, alma mater and the NYSC Scheme. The Commander 32 Artillery Brigade of the Nigerian Army, Akure, Brigadier General M Adamu, has lauded the contributions of the NYSC to National unity and development. He made the remark when he received the Director-General, Major General Shuaibu Ibrahim, who paid him a courtesy visit.  Adamu, who noted that the… In "News" The Director-General of the National Youth Service Corp, Major General Shuiabu Ibrahim has been conferred with the outstanding knowledge Manager of the year award by the Institute of Business Administration and Knowledge Management (IBAKM). The award was conferred to the Director General in Abuja on Thursday, 5th May, 2022. Presenting… In "News" ... says skills and ideas is what brings money "Please, open your minds so that you will benefit immensely from the skill acquisition training. Avoid cutting corners: drive your vision with passion; remain focused and the sky will be your limit," That assertion was made during the working visit of… In "News"