By Peter Fowoyo Barely twelve days after unknown gunmen unleashed terror on a Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo State, the governor, Rotimi Akeredolu, on Thursday warned the Federal Government that its inability to secure life and property would soon leave citizens with no choice but to arm themselves in self defence. Apparently miffed by the killings of scores of worshippers, the governor asked the Police to “close shop” if the Federal Government could not meet its equipment needs, contending that the police were overwhelmed. Akeredolu gave the warning while delivering the keynote address at the meeting of the Attorneys-General of the 36 States of Nigeria held in Lagos. He insisted that the police have failed in their constitutional role of protecting Nigerians and that if the situation does not improve, citizens would be left with no other option but to arm themselves in self-defence. “The current spate of insecurity in the country leaves us with no room for equivocation on the right of the states to maintain law and order through the establishment of State Police. “The growing distrust in the polity is a direct result of the disconnect between the federal government and the constituent units of the country. The economic adversity, currently experienced in the country, points directly, at the defective political structure. “A unitary system cannot work, successfully, in a country like Nigeria. “The 1999 Constitution has been amended twice. There is another promise of further amendments arising from the manifest irregularity in many provisions. “This has compelled many lawyers and educated citizens to insist on having a new Constitution which will reflect the agitations of the various groups which make up the country. The law is becoming increasingly less certain under these circumstances. “The crises created by the 1999 Constitution, as amended, have been unending. There have been agitations that the Exclusive Legislative List in this Constitution is limited to Nigeria’s external trade, customs duties, export duties, tax on incomes, profits and capital gains, interstate commerce, external borrowing, mining rents and royalties from mineral resources, among others. “The Federal Government has, consistently, rejected this suggestion, presumably, because of the humongous 52% revenue allocation to it while the 36 States and the 774 Local Governments share the remaining 48%,” the governor stated. Akeredolu further challenged states to restructure the country by, among others, setting up their anti-graft agencies. However, in his address at the event, the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) said governors cannot continue agitation for restructuring and state police when they are responsible for the compromise and mismanagement of the current system. He said that state Governors who have taken over the allocations of local government in their states have no moral right to ask for restructuring. Malami also stated that “state police will not work because state governors would abuse it, look at the way they treat local government, imagine what will happen if they control the police. The AGF advised the governors to utilise the existing structures through the National Assembly to press on with their demands for restructuring and other constitutional amendments. READ ALSO: ‘Stingy man’: What Peter Obi did in 2009 – Bianca… He also said “the present controversies surrounding the Paris/London Club loan refunds could have been avoided if NGF/State Governments and ALGON, who engaged the services of consultants and contractors honoured their agreements. NGF and ALGON have not denied engaging the consultants and contractors on behalf of their respective States and Local Governments,” he maintained. Other speakers at the event are Governors Babajide Sanwo-Olu, the Chief Judge of Lagos State, Justice Kazeem Alogba, the state’s Attorney-General, Moyosore Onigbanjo (SAN), and the President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) Olumide Akpata and Director-General of the Nigerian Governor’s Forum, Asishana Okauru. By Tosin Ajuwon The Chairman of the Southern Governors' Forum and Governor of Ondo State, Rotimi Akeredolu, has faulted the 1999 constitution that placed security on the exclusive list of the Federal Government. Akeredolu also decried the concept of the federating unit being practiced in the country. The Chairman Southern… In "Headlines" By Makut Simon Macham The story behind the political journey of Rt. Hon. Simon Bako Lalong, Executive Governor of Plateau State and Chairman, Northern States Governors Forum cannot be fully comprehended without looking closely at his upbringing and early childhood which is a story of grass-to-grace fashioned in resilience, hardwork,… In "News" Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Monday said the perpetrators of the gruesome murder of parishioners at the St Francis Catholic Church in Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State, on Sunday will be fished out and made to face the full wrath of the law. He said this when he… In "Headlines"