Eleven kidnapped passengers from the March 28 Kaduna train attack, who were released last weekend, have been reunited with their families. The victims were released by their abductors on Friday, following a series of negotiations with the Federal Government after spending eleven weeks in captivity. The eleven victims comprise six females and five males, DailyTimes gathered. Upon their release, they were first taken to Abuja, the nation’s capital for debriefing, and were later brought back to Kaduna on Monday where they were handed over to their families by the military. One of the victims, a middle-aged woman who sustained severe injury, could not stand on her own, as she is still looking pale and sick due to the trauma she had while in the custody of the terrorists inside the forest. READ ALSO: Democracy Day: Obi, Utomi, Ozekhome, others insist on… It is nevertheless a happy reunion for the Musawa family as they celebrate the release of their daughter, Amina, who was among the kidnapped passengers from the March 28 train attack in Kaduna state. Although it is a breath of fresh air for Amina, her joy and that of her extended family seem not to be complete, as her husband, who was kidnapped along with her, could not make it in the first eleven. He and 50 others are still with their abductors in the forest. Still gripped in shock by what they went through while in captivity, Amina, like the other freed passengers were unwilling to speak to us in camera. But their relatives who obviously are happy with their return commend the Federal government for facilitating the release of the first batch of the victims However, they are saddened that 50 other victims of the train attack are still left behind with their abductors. For their joy to be complete, they appealed to the Federal Government not to rest on its oars until all the abductees are freed. While it might be freedom at last for these eleven passengers, their experience in the hands of their abductors will be a sad tale that they would not forest in a hurry, especially when the fate of fifty others is still uncertain. One of the victims of the March 28 Kaduna train attack, Sadiq Ango Abdullahi, who is the son of the Chairman of Northern Elders Forum, Professor Ango Abdullahi, has appealed to the Federal Government to come to their rescue by yielding to the demands of their abductors before they will… In "Headlines" Family members of the Kaduna train attack have raised concern over threats by the terrorists to kill the victims if the Federal Government fails to yield to their demands after seven days. The devastated relatives of the abductees said the terrorists have spoken to them directly, and are demanding the… In "Headlines" The Bishop of Anglican Communion, Kaduna Diocese, Timothy Yahaya has asked the Federal Government to fasten the release of all the victims of the March 28 Kaduna train attack from the custody of their abductors. On March 28, terrorists attacked an Abuja-Kaduna-bound train in Kaduna State, killing eight passengers, injuring… In "News"