The Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion, has advised the Federal government to reopen the nation’s universities without further delay, even as it pleaded with the government to declare a state of emergency on the insecurity challenges ravaging the country. In a communiqué at the 3rd Session of the 4th Synod of the Diocese of Ijumu, Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion held at the Emmanuel Anglican Church, Iyara, Ijumu Local Government Area of Kogi State, signed by the Diocesan Bishop, Rt Revd Dr Paul Olarewaju Ojo, the church observed with dismay the deteriorating security situation in the nation particularly the destructive activities of Boko Haram, Bandits and the incessant farmer/Herders clashes which have limited food security in the country, DailyTimes gathered. According to the Communique, “the ugly security challenges are solely responsible for the increase in the prices of food and other essential commodities of life.” On the strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, it said “Synod noticed in utter dismay the incessant ASUU strikes and the negative impact on the life of our youth now and in the future. Synod therefore encourages the Government and ASUU to amicably resolve their grievances and re-open our Universities for a sincerely serious academic works. READ ALSO: Democracy Day: Obi, Utomi, Ozekhome, others insist on… The Communiqué pointed out that “the economy of Ijumu Local Government is highly ill -affected by the lack of industrialization and agro allied products despite being in abundant supply everywhere in Okunland particularly in Ijumu land.” The Bishop of Anglican Communion, Kaduna Diocese, Timothy Yahaya has asked the Federal Government to fasten the release of all the victims of the March 28 Kaduna train attack from the custody of their abductors. On March 28, terrorists attacked an Abuja-Kaduna-bound train in Kaduna State, killing eight passengers, injuring… In "News" A Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), Femi Falana, on Monday asked the Federal Government to start acting on intelligence from security agencies, especially the Department of State Services following a recent attack on a church in Ondo State. Gunmen had attacked St Francis Catholic Church in Owo, the headquarters of… In "Headlines" The six states in Nigeria’s South West region on Monday commenced three days of mourning in honour of the victims of the church attack in Owo. This comes three days after governors in the region resolved to mourn the victims within the period following a meeting held last Friday to… In "Headlines"