All the political parties in Nigeria have conducted their presidential primary elections. June 9, 2022, was the deadline set by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, for completion of primaries and submission of presidential candidates. The ruling All Progress Congress, APC, chose its candidate, in the person of the Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who emerged winner of the presidential primaries held at Eagles Square, Abuja, DailyTimes gathered. Tinubu defeated his closest challenger and former Governor of Rivers State, Chibuike Amaechi and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and was handed the party’s flag by President Muhammadu Buhari. READ ALSO: NAF helicopter carried out rescue mission – State The main opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, had a week earlier, elected former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar as its presidential candidate. The Labour Party, LP, also has former Anambra State Governor, Dr. Peter Obi, as its candidate. This is the list of all presidential candidates so far in the country after completion of presudential primaries:Hide quoted text Prince Malik Ado-Ibrahim (YPP) Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso (NNPP) Omoyele Sowore (AAC) Peter Obi (LP) Prince Adewole Adebayo (SDP) Kola Abiola (PRP) Asiwaju Bola Tinubu (APC) Atiku Abubakar (PDP) The Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Atiku Abubakar, on Wednesday, held a closed door meeting with governors elected on the party’s platform. Atiku summoned the meeting hours before Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu, was officially announced the standard bearer of the All Progressives Congress, DailyTimes gathered. It was gathered that… In "2023 Elections" National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has congratulated former Vice President Atiku Abubakar for emerging as the flag bearer of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the 2023 general elections. Atiku secured the highest votes at the primary election conducted at the Moshood Abiola… In "Politics" After weeks of intrigues and uncertainty, the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) elected a former Lagos State governor, Bola Tinubu as its presidential candidate. The 70-year-old politician was able to get northern governors behind himself and handed crushing defeats to other younger and agile aspirants, including the Vice President, Yemi… In "Politics"