The Southern and Middle Belt Leaders’ Forum (SMBLF), on Friday, condemned the governor of Delta State, Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa for accepting his nomination as the running mate to Atiku Abubakar, the Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the forthcoming 2023 general elections. This was contained in a statement signed by leaders of four groups which include Chief Edwin Clark, for the Southern and Middle Belt Leaders’ Forum (SMBLF) and the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF); Chief Ayo Adebanjo, leader of Afenifere, Dr. Dru Bitrus, the President-General, Middle Belt Forum and Prof. George Obiozor, the President-General, Ohaneze Ndigbo Worldwide. The elder statesmen described as unspeakable and quite disappointing that Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, who is currently Chairman of the South-South Governors’ Forum, and a native of Owa-Alero in Ika North-East Local Government Area (one of the Igbo-speaking areas) of Delta State, would exhibit such barefaced unreliability to accept the position of vice president. They recalled that 17 Southern governors of both the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC), under the Chairmanship of the Governor of Ondo State, Rotimi Akeredolu, SAN, met in Asaba, Delta State on May 11, 2021, and took far-reaching decisions, including that, based on the principles of fairness, equity and justice, the presidency should rotate to the South at the end of the statutory eight years of President Muhammadu Buhari’s tenure. They said Governor Okowa was the host of that historic meeting, adding that the Southern governors later met again in Lagos, on July 5, where they reaffirmed their decision and again in Enugu, on September 16, to restate the call that the presidency should rotate to the South in 2023. “It is, therefore, most unfortunate that the Governor of Delta State, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa who should know better, accepted his appointment as running mate to Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. We do not have anything personal against Ifeanyi Okowa but his action is treacherous and tantamount to a despicable pawning of the political future of the people of Southern Nigeria.” The statement said. READ ALSO: ‘Stingy man’: What Peter Obi did in 2009 – Bianca.. The group said Governor Okowa has, by his action, betrayed the trust reposed on him by his colleagues; the southern governors, the entire good people of southern Nigeria and all well-meaning Nigerians adding that he has made himself persona non grata, not only, with SMBLF but all citizens who treasure our oneness and yearn for a more united and peaceful Nigeria The group said it rejected Okowa, his vice president slot, describing the governor’s action as “a betrayal of the highest order.” It added that this, is not a matter of loyalty to one’s political party, but rather a greedy, parochial and unpatriotic action, committed against the general interest of his State, Delta State, the Niger Delta region, and Southern Nigeria. It is, certainly, also not in the interest of the nation at large. .Say ex-VP’s emergence, a blazing affront on the people of Southern Nigeria Leaders of thoughts, elder statesmen from four of the six geo-political zones of the country, under the aegis of Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum (SMBLF) led by South-South Leader, Chief Edwin Clark have lampooned the opposition Peoples… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will today screen the Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike as Vice Presidential candidate of the party ahead of the 2023 general election. Towards this, the National Working Committee (NWC) of the party Tuesday night constituted a 12 member Vice Presidential Candidate Screening… In "Headlines" By Nosa Akenzua, Asaba Delta State Commissioner for Information, Charles Aniagwu, on Monday said the Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege lacks requisite knowledge to govern the state. Aniagwu said with the poor performance of the All Progressives Congress-led Federal Government at the centre, it will be very… In "News"