The suspended Accountant-General of the Federation, Ahmed Idris, has been released on bail by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). EFCC spokesperson, Wilson Uwujaren, confirmed the development to newsmen. The EFCC had arrested Idris on May 16 over an N80 billion fraud, DailyTimes gathered. He was arrested after failing to honour the commission’s invitations to respond to issues connected to the fraudulent act, the EFCC said. After his arrest, the Minister of Finance, Zainab Ahmed, suspended Idris. READ ALSO: Court jails Chinese man over Naira mutilation The suspension was contained in a letter by the minister dated May 18, in which she said the move was necessitated by the need to “allow for proper and unhindered investigation into the serious allegations in line with Public Service Rules 030406”. According to the minister, during the suspension period, which is without pay, Mr Idris is not “expected to attend to your place of work or contact any official in your Office except for any disciplinary hearing that may be advised”. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Monday, arrested Ahmed Idris, accountant-general of the federation, over alleged fraud. Idris was said to have been arrested in Kano. EFCC spokesman Wilson Uwujaren confirmed his arrest in a statement issued on Monday evening, DailyTimes gathered. The commission, in a statement, said… In "Headlines" By BENJAMIN OMOIKE The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, has arrested former Governor Abdulaziz Yari in connection with the agency’s ongoing investigation of the suspended Accountant-General of the Federation, Ahmed Idris. Yari, a former governor of Zamfara State, was arrested on Sunday at his residence in Abuja, days after… In "Headlines" Good Afternoon! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: Minister of information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed says the Federal Government has no intention to ban Facebook over purported inciting statements by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. He said this Wednesday while fielding questions from State House reporters after… In "News"