Former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Kingsley Moghalu has resigned from the African Democratic Congress. He left the party after losing the party’s presidential ticket to the founder of Roots Television, Mr. Dumebi Kachikwu. In a letter dated June 13 and addressed to ADC’s National Chairman, Chief Okey Ralphs Nwosu, Moghalu said the presidential primary had been wrought with inconsistencies. “I am writing to hand in my resignation from my membership of the African Democratic Congress, effective immediately,” Moghalu’s said in his letter. “I have resigned because the process and conduct of the party’s presidential primary on June 8, 2022 at Abeokuta revealed a fundamental clash of values between me and your leadership of the party. “Despite the circular you issued a few days to the primary committing the party to providing transportation and accommodation for delegates to and in Abeokuta, and which as we agreed would provide a level playing for all the presidential aspirants, the party under your leadership failed to do so. Some aspirants, including myself, made donations to the ADC party account as requested by the party for this purpose. READ ALSO: Democracy Day: Obi, Utomi, Ozekhome, others insist on… This failure, which appeared intentional, created room for massive abuses of the electoral process including delegate capture and financial inducement of delegates. This is only one of numerous inconsistencies and the absence of transparency and predictability in the management of the party that I had progressively complained about. “As you are well aware, I have consistently resisted pressures to join the APC or the PDP precisely to avoid “cash-and-carry” politics. For me to remain a member of the ADC therefore, after what thousands of party members participated in at Abeokuta, would be to endorse political corruption of a most obscene order. “I joined the ADC in October 2021 with the best of intentions. Since then, I have put my entire team to work on growing and improving the party, including raising the party’s visibility on all media platforms, recruiting more than 10,000 new members to the party, and providing new offices for various state chapters of the party at my expense. It is deeply regrettable that other inducements appear to have played more important roles in determining the outcome of the primary than loyalty to the party.” By Tom Okpe The All Progressives Congress (APC) will between Monday and Wednesday next week, elect one of the many Presidential aspirants for the 2023 general election. However, two out of the about 23 aspirants screened for the race- Dr Ogbonnaya Onu, former Minister of Science and Technology and Governor… In "Headlines" By Tom Okpe As the All Progressives Congress, (APC) is set for its Presidential primary election at the party Special Convention on Monday through Wednesday, 6th-8th June, 2022, chances of Chief Ogbonnaya Onu, an aspirant from the South East, emerging as the Presidential candidate of the party has brightened. This… In "Headlines" Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has declared support for the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar. Recall that the governor, on Saturday, lost the party’s presidential ticket to the former Vice President, Atiku. There have been speculations that Governor Wike may jettison the party’s interest by refusing… In "Politics"