By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo As part of efforts to ensure transparency, inclusiveness, demonstrate sincerity in the Airport concession programme and choose the right model, Aviation Minister, Senator Hadi Sirika has led a team comprising officials of the Ministry, agencies and organized labour in the aviation industry on an inspection tour of two successfully concessioned airports. The Minister explained that the essence of the visit to the two airports was to dispel all doubts and suspicion regarding the sincerity of the Federal Government in respect of the concession programme and to reassure the Labour force of the inherent benefits of the programme. According to him, the choice of the two airports was based on their popularity, size and their success stories in concession which he said, will serve as a guide on the concession model and contribute to the successful delivery of the programme. He reiterated Government’s commitment to ensuring that the principles of transparency and accountability which have been the hallmark of the process from inception will remain till the final delivery of the project. At the two airports, the ream was presented with visual stories of their transition and positive impact of their concessions,  DailyTimes gathered. The team that visited the Istanbul Airport in Turkey and the Brasilia Airport in Brazil with the Minister included the Rector of the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology Zaria, Captain Alkali Modibbo, the Acting Managing Director of the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency, Matthew Lawrence Pwajok, the Transaction Adviser on Airport Concession, Dr Abba Ibrahim and the Director General of the Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission, Michael Ohiani. READ ALSO: Why Nigeria has not removed fuel subsidy – Buhari Others are the Senior Technical Assistant to the Minister, Yusuf Anas, and Special Assistant to the Minister on Administration, Ahmed Sanusi, and Secretary General of the Association of Nigerian Aviation Professionals (ANAP), Saidu Abdulrazak, Secretary General of NUATE, Ocheme Abah, and Adenike Adesola (CSS). The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs. Zainab Ahmed, says Federal Government policies on tax exemptions and concessions are among sources of huge revenue leakages. A tax exemption is the right to exclude all or some income from taxation while a tax concession is a reduction made by… In "Business" By Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari has promised that more investments will be deployed to the provision of infrastructure and facilities for safe, secure, environmentally friendly and sustainable civil aviation. The President, who received the Secretary General of International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), Mr Juan Carlos Salazar, yesterday at the… In "Headlines" By Ukpono Ukpong The Federal Government says it is studying the judgment of the commercial court of England and Wales, which ruled that there was no evidence of fraud in the OPL 245 transaction. Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, said this on Wednesday while fielding questions from journalists… In "Headlines"