A real estate entrepreneur and businessman, Adekunle Ibrahim Israel talks about Nigerian being a destination for luxury apartments. The Chief Executive Officer of Evermark Homes and Propertiesspoke to pressmen during the unveiling of his company’s new logo, said, “The first step is identifying a trusted real estate company like Evermark Homes. “The major challenge we have in Nigeria at the moment is hyperinflation rates which have led to a cut-throat cost of building materials. Many companies have had to close shops as a result of this, but our driving force and consistency persist. Other challenges include government policies and tax rates from the government which are dire, as we are often charged more than we actually earn. However, such problems could be solved by doing things right. Secondly, affordable and flexible payment plans in real estate avail everyone the opportunity to navigate the cost of owning one. A real estate entrepreneur and businessman, Adekunle Ibrahim, has stated that it is very easy to become a homeowner in Nigeria. The Chief Executive Officer of Evermark Homes and Properties, a growing real estate firm said, “Despite hyperinflation ravaging the country, it is very easy to become a homeowner in Nigeria. “The major challenge we have in Nigeria at the moment is hyperinflation rates which have led to a cut-throat cost of building materials. Many companies have had to close shops as a result of this, but our driving force and consistency persist. Other challenges include government policies and tax rates from the government which are dire, as we are often charged more than we actually earn. However, such problems could be solved by doing things right. Ibrahim, who spoke to pressmen during the unveiling of his company’s new logo, said, “The first step is identifying a trusted real estate company like Evermark Homes. Secondly, affordable and flexible payment plans in real estate avail everyone the opportunity to navigate the cost of owning one. “The representation of faith and passion in our logo, I think, is the important value it carries, because, in the past few years, we have done the impossible, especially in an unusual time when the world was going through a pandemic. Our driving force has been the faith that we had and the passion we have for what we do.” Adeniyi Adeoye Is one of Nigeria’s bravest entrepreneurs and Luxury Real Estate mogul. The hands-on entrepreneur known for strategic and focused approach with extensive accolades for limiting risk, is the MD/CEO of The Drake Woodworks Limited/The Drake Homes Limited, located in Lagos, where he is marching his company to global… In "News" Lawrence Okolie, British boxer of Nigerian heritage who holds four major titles - the Commonwealth Boxing Championship, British Championship belt, European Championship, and the WBO Cruiserweight title. His record of 14 wins, 7 Knockouts, 0 draws are simply outstanding. Almost like the edifice- The Lucrezia, where he was standing on… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday, met with Nigerians living in Spain on the sidelines of his official visit, pledging that Nigeria will continue to defend the interests of its nationals living abroad. The Diaspora team, which met with the President included John Bosco, President of the association, his deputy, Richard… In "Headlines"