The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has approved repeat primaries in Lagos, Imo, Benue and Katsina States. PDP, in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, Saturday, explained that it took the decision after very careful deliberations on the reports of the electoral and appeal panels on the congresses held in those States. Th approved repeat primaries for Ahiazu State Constituency and Orsu State Constituency in Imo State will hold on Sunday, June 5, 2022. While that of Musawa, Zango, Dandume State Constituencies in Katsina State, Oru East/Orsu/Orlu Federal Constituency of Imo State and Kwande/Ushongo Federal Constituency of Benue State shall hold on Sunday, June 5, 2022. READ ALSO: Former Biafran chief of army staff, Madiebo dies at 90 Lagos State House of Representatives Primaries (24 Federal Constituencies) is slated for Monday, June 6, 2022. The statement partly read, “furthermore, Kaduna Central Senatorial District of Kaduna State, Enugu West Senatorial Districts of Enugu State, as well as Boki/Ikom Federal Constituency and Yakuur II State Constituency, both of Cross River State earlier scheduled for Saturday, June 4, 2022, have been cancelled. “All Party members in the affected States should please take note”. Mr Desmond Elliot, representing Surulere Constituency I in Lagos State House of Assembly, has won the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket for a third term. The primary election took place on Friday at Akerele Primary Health Centre, Surulere, amid tight security provided by the police and other agencies, DailyTimes gathered.… In "News" By Tunde Opalana Ahead of today's presidential primary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), there is serious crisis threatening some state chapters of the party over lists of delegates. Crisis in Abia, Enugu, Ebonyi, Rivers, Edo and Ogun states are caused by mistrust among members and stakeholders on compilation of… In "Headlines" By Doosuur Iwambe, Abuja Some delegates and agent of the Peoples Democratic Party,PDP in Benue State have alleged irregularities in the conduct of the Apa/Agatu Federal Constituency primary on Saturday, insisting that the exercise failed short of democratic tenets. The primary which saw the declaration of Comrade Ojotu Ojema as… In "Politics"