By Tom Okpe Senator Abdullahi Adamu, national chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) on Sunday in Abuja inaugurated 18 committees to organise the party’s special convention for presidential primary election slated for Monday to Wednesday. The committees include budget, chaired by Muhammad Yahaya, Governor of Gombe State with Zainab Ahmed, Minister of Finance as the co-chairman; Finance and Logistics headed by Babajide Sanwo-Olu, Lagos state Governor and accreditation and decorations chaired by Dapo Abiodun, Governor of Ogun State, DailyTimes gathered. Also, Abdullahi Sule, Governor of Nasarawa State is the Chairman of Media and Publicity sub-committee, and Governor of Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo state is the Chairman of Security and Compliance while Abdulrahman Dambazau former Minister of Interior is the co-chairman. Further, Abubakar Atiku-Bagudu, Kebbi State Governor is the Chairman of Election sub-committee with Hope Uzodinma, Governor of Imo state as co-chairman while Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State and Ramatu Tijani Aliyu; FCT Minister of State are chairman and co-chairman of Transportation sub-committee. READ ALSO: Black Sunday in Ondo: Scores killed as terrorists.. Other committees and their chairmen as well as co-chairmen are: “Accommodation: Babagana Umara Zulum, Governor of Borno State; Co-Chair: Gboyega Oyetola, Governor of Osun State. Medicals: Dr Chris Ngige, Minister of Labour and Employment; Co-Chair: Prof Isaac Folorunso Adewole, former Minister of Health. “Legal: Abubakar Malami SAN, Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice; Venue and Site Servicing: Bello Muhammad Matawalle, Governor of Zamfara State; Co-Chair: Mohammed Musa Bello, Minister of the Federal Capital Territory. Election Appeal: Mai Mala Buni, Governor of Yobe State. “Hospitality and Welfare: Simon Lalong, Governor of Plateau State; Co-Chair: Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development. Protocols: Aminu Bello Masari, Governor of Katsina State. Digital Communications: AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, Governor of Kwara State. “Pre-Convention/Management/ Rapporteur: Mallam Nasir Ahmad el-Rufai, Governor of Kaduna State; Deputy: Dame Pauline Tallen, Minister of Women Affairs. Presidential Screening Appeal Abubakar Sani Bello, Governor of Niger State; Co-Chair: Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase, Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives. “Accreditation of Diplomats: Ovie Omo-Agege, Deputy President of the Senate; Co-Chair: Geoffrey Onyeama, Minister for Foreign Affairs.” In his remarks, Adamu, the APC chairman charged the committees to work hard for a seamless convention which is very critical to the party as it deals with the nomination of a presidential candidate for the 2023 general election. He said: “This convention is a bit different from other conventions. It is different because it is the first transition convention of our great party. “The forthcoming convention will be expected within our constitution to produce the flag bearer of our great party to contest the presidential slot. “We are very careful that we chose different persons to be part of the committees that have been enumerated by the national secretary. “We assigned the committees at the thoughts and discretion of the party. So, it is our prayers and hope that very persons who is allotted a committee will be satisfied to give his or her best to serve in the slot that is given him or her.” In their separate remarks, Atiku-Bagudu and Uzodinma, chairman and co-chairman of the management committee assured the party’s leadership of their commitment to organize a hitch free convention. Bagudu said: “I believe that from comments I have been hearing from party members, we are energized to ensure that we have a befitting and successful convention. “So, once again Mr Chairman and the NWC, on behalf of all of us, we appreciate the honour done to us. And we want your commitment, so that we will do our very best to ensure that we produce a successful convention in the next few days.”