By Temitope Adebayo The Minister of State for Transportation, Senator Gbemisola Saraki, assured Nigerians that the rail track that led to the Apapa Port terminals would be completed in 15 days. The ongoing Lagos-Ibadan railway track which the Federal Government later extended the project to Apapa port for easy cargo and haulage to the Lagos port has been ongoing since the commission of the project in June 2021, DailyTimes gathered. Saraki who was led by some officials of the Federal Ministry of Transportation (FMOT) made the commitment while addressing the media, at Apapa Port Terminals in Lagos on Monday. In her word, the Project Manager, China Civil Engineering Construction Company (CCECC), Mr. Xia Lijun, had assured her that the laid track would be completed in the next two weeks. She said “We are here to look at the issues affecting activities to connect the rail to the Apapa seaport. The minister added that the cause of delay in the project is the Customs scanner building which is yet to be demolished, as the building is hindering complete connection of the standard gauge rail to the Lagos port quay. The delay in the demolition is due to the presence of some radio-active scanners inside the building, she noted. RAED ALSO: Defection: Hon. Azubogu to lose APGA Senatorial ticket “We want to ensure that before the end of next month, the activities here have improved. By the end of this month, we want to ensure that the removal of this Customs facility which is on the rail track is resolved. The goal is to have this track operational by the end of this month. Although this building looks big, it is a minor issue that will be resolved by the time the Federal Ministry of Transportation, Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), and Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) seat together to discuss it”, she added. The Agbara-Seme border section of Lagos-Badagry expressway project will receive N15 billion of NNPC tax credit fund, Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Olukayode Popoola, has said. Popoola told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Sunday that the intervention funding would fast track the ongoing reconstruction of… In "News" The Minister of State for Transportation, Sen. Gbemisola Saraki, says the Federal Government is unbundling and commercialising the Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) to optimise its operations and advance private sector participation. Saraki spoke at the Nigeria International Partnership Forum in Paris. She said the unbundling would drive competition in the… In "Headlines" By Ukpono Ukpong The Federal Government says it is studying the judgment of the commercial court of England and Wales, which ruled that there was no evidence of fraud in the OPL 245 transaction. Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, said this on Wednesday while fielding questions from journalists… In "Headlines"