By Isaac Job The aspirant on the platform of All Progressive Congress APC for Eket Federal Constituency in AKwa Ibom state, Hon Aniekan Akpan, has said that he scored 126 votes to emerge winner in Eket Federal Constituency in AKwa Ibom state. Speaking during a media interaction with newsmen in Uyo on Sunday, Akpan said Mr Eseme Eyibio, who bought APC nomination form to contest for Eket Federal Constituency never participated in the primary held at Eket police station last month. He explained that he was shocked by the rumours peddled by his opponent that he (Eseme Eyibio) had won the party ticket even when he never took part in the election. Akpan, a former Chairman of Eket Local Government area on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in AKwa-Ibom, stated that Eket Federal Constituency has four local governments comprising of Eket, Onna, Ibeno and Esit Eket council areas, with five delegates participating in the election. He listed the party constitutional provisions for nominating APC candidates for elective positions to include: Direct, Indirect primaries and consensus method, adding that there was no provision for selection of candidates for election in the party,  DailyTimes gathered. He said Mr Eseme Eyibio, who was his opponent in the election never turned up even in the party office where election materials were moved to designated venue for voting. He wondered how an aspirant who never take part in the primary suddenly became a winner “But my opponent did not come to the party Secretariat where materials were entrusted to one Aniekan Archibong who was the Retuning Officer in the election.” READ ALSO: Why Nigeria has not removed fuel subsidy – Buhari “Even at Eket police station where the voting took place , Eseme Eyibio was not there . I learnt he was busy supervising cooking of rice and ignored the voting exercise,” he said. He therefore debunked rumours allegedly peddled by opponents that he ran away with the election materials. “I know how party works as the former chairman of PDP . That was why I went to APC office in the morning to ensure that materials.” By Stephen Adeleye Yagba (Kogi), April 16, 2022 The executive members of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in Yagba Federal Constituency, have endorsed Hon. Kingsley Femi Fanwo (KFF) as the party's candidate for the House of Representives in 2023 elections. Hon. Kingsley Femi Fanwo (KFF) is the Kogi State Commissioner… In "News" By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the emergence of the former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar as its presidential candidate as an indication that the 2023 election will be a moment of historic decision of all Nigerians to right the wrongs of the misrule by… In "Headlines" By Ukpono Ukpong The Deputy President of the Senate and governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the 2023 governorship election in Delta State, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has felicitated with those that emerged victorious in the party's primaries. This is even as he expressed confidence that the standard… In "Politics"