 DafriBank Digital Bank Limited has affirmed its growing clout as a leading player in the digital economy space following the recent announcement of the bank as the main sponsor of the biggest crypto-blockchain gathering in Africa, namely the 2022 Blockchain Africa Conference (BAC). The announcement was made by DafriBank’s chairman, Xolane Ndhlovu, who, on January 20, 2022, posted on his social media: “Yesterday, I signed a sponsorship agreement which confirms DafriBank as the official sponsor of Blockchain Africa Conference 2022, the biggest Crypto gathering in Africa happening on 17 – 18 March 2022.” Blockchain Africa Conference (BAC), pioneered by Bitcoin Events in 2015 has over the years grown to become a major attraction for leaders and key players in blockchain and cryptocurrency industries around the world, including the likes of Charles Hoskinson, founder of Cardano, and co-founder of Ethereum blockchain platform and Samuel Bankman-Fried, founder and CEO of FTX.The 2022 BAC, scheduled for March 17 and 18, will be hosted as a virtual only event due to Covid-19 safety measures and precautions. Speaking on the conference’s theme, which revolves around blockchain technology’s opportunities and adaptation globally and in Africa, Xolane Ndhlovu, a billionaire investor and entrepreneur, said: “The digital asset class is growing rapidly throughout the continent due in part to surging inflation, stricter capital controls and a deteriorating fiscal outlook.” Ndhlovu further avowed that DafriGroup, the parent company of DafriBank, “will continue to be in the front line of this adoption through our walk-the-talk attitude that has motivated 13 of our subsidiaries to begin to accept cryptocurrencies.” As the main sponsor of BAC, DafriBank is joining a long list of elite organisations that had bankrolled the conference in the past including blue-chip organisations such as Absa Group, ConsenSys, Bankserv, Binance, Crypto.com, Algorand, AAVE, Bybit, and Altercoin Trader. Cryptocurrencies hold the potential to revolutionise the entire global financial system. Crypto assets and blockchain technology is being taken seriously across the world as their real-world potential is being realized. While crypto adoption is booming across the globe, both Nigeria and South Africa are forging a different path. South Africa… In "News" Philip Clement, Abuja The possibilities of the blockchain technology seem endless seeing the new developments it has introduced around the world. It has fostered the innovation of unique solution which enables users to monetize their mobile networks by earning from people who connect to their Wi-Fi. This innovation was pioneered… In "News" By Dr. Austin Maho The 8th ministerial conference on the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation FOCAC will be held in Dakar, Senegal from November 29 to 30 this year with the theme: “Deepen China-Africa Partnership and Promote Sustainable Development to Build a China-Africa Community with a Shared Future in the New… In "News"