Scoring 3 goals in one match is not an easy task even for a top striker, especially when it comes to the Champions League. Today’s football results of matches of this tournament are easy to follow on the trusted website. In such games, players have the great responsibility, which makes individual achievements more valuable. In the first 30 years of the Champions League, many players scored hat-tricks. Yes, it happens irregularly, but given the intensity of matches, such achievements happened. However, only once did a defender manage to score a hat-trick. It was Levan Kurzava. The PSG defender managed to score three goals in the game against Anderlecht, with whom his team fought in the group stage of the Champions League in the season 2017/18. In the same game, PSG confidently defeated their opponent with the score of 5:0. Kurzawa’s hat-trick was a real sensation. Such an achievement was expected from Neymar or Cavani. However, unexpectedly for everyone, the side defender had perhaps the best match in his career. Kurzawa has always been a good footballer, but he often lacked stability. Therefore, he didn’t become a big star in PSG. Yes, with Unai Emery, he was the main performer, but after the departure of the Spaniard, his role in the team gradually declined. However, the unique achievement set by the defender will forever remain in the sports history. What helped Kurzawa make that hat-trick? A hat-trick by a defender, even in the Champions League, is always a coincidence of various reasons. Therefore, in the first 30 years of the tournament history, it happened only once. By the way, now you can find out today’s important football results and closely follow all matches of this tournament. Among other Kurzawa’s achievements, it is worth highlighting: The Super Eagles secured a hard-fought 1-1 draw with Cape Verde on Tuesday in Lagos to reach the final round of African qualifiers for the 2022 World Cup finals. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that in the match played at the Teslim Balogun Stadium, the Super Eagles could… In "Sports" Real Madrid will face PSG in the 2021-22 Champions League round of 16 after the ties had to be redrawn on a chaotic and embarrassing afternoon for UEFA. The two European heavyweights will clash next year in the pick of the ties, with reigning champions Chelsea facing Lille - who… In "News" Manchester United will meet PSG and Bayern Munich face Atletico Madrid in the plum ties of the round of 16 Champions League draw made today. PSG and Manchester United have met four times in the Champions League since 2018-19. Champions League draw round of 16: Juventus v Sporting Ajax v… In "Sports"