 By Doosuur Iwambe, Abuja The Nigeria HealthWatch in conjunction with Solutions Journalism Network on Thursday hold a training for media practitioners on solution journalism. Speaking while declaring the workshop open, Ruona Neyer,  Africa Manager on solution journalism said that the project is important because it helps in telling a stories from a positive narrative. While urging media practitioners at the workshop to make good use of the opportunity, she said, solution journalism has become necessary because negative reportage has become the order of the day. She urged them to invest their energy in reporting what is right as to help communities with same problems find solution to their problems. “The solutions Journalism Africa Initiative has made meaningful impact that is already yielding positive results in the society, legislation and in the newsroom here in Nigeria and other African countries. “The aim of the training is to amplify issues or stories on how we can tell our stories in a positive angle”, she said. U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria, Mary Beth Leonard, has urged Nigerian media to leverage their right to press freedom by countering propaganda and disinformation through regular and impartial fact-checking. Speaking during a Town Hall Meeting hosted by Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE) on Thursday in Lagos, the U.S. ambassador said that… In "News" *Says over 5,000 pensioners so far enrolled in 'I'Am Alive platform' PHILIP CLEMENT, ABUJA The Executive Secretary of The Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate (PTAD), Dr Chioma Ejikeme, has charged journalists to ensure accurate and reliable reportage of the pension. The PTAD ES gave the charge in her address at a… In "News" Ahmad Sorondinki, Kano As part of its Corporate Social Responsibility, the Dangote Group in conjunction with Folio Media Group, owner of the Daily Times, on Wednesday, kicked off a special training programme for sixty journalists in Kano. The training, according to the company, is targeted at sharpening the Multi-Media Skills… In "Headlines"