 .. Nigeria now officially has18 Political Parties The Supreme Court on Friday upheld the deregistration of 22 political parties by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The 22 parties were among the 74 de-registered in 2020 by INEC following their poor performances in the 2019 general elections. Justice Ejembi Eko of the apex court voided and set aside a judgment of the Court of Appeal, Abuja Division, which had nullified the de-registration. Justice Eko held that the Court Appeal on its own (suo motu) raised the issue of lack of fair hearing in favour of the 22 scrapped parties and arrived at a conclusion without hearing from other parties in the matter. “This appeal by INEC is meritorious and is hereby allowed. The decision of the court below is set aside,” he ruled. The apex court held that the Court of Appeal took out the issue of fair hearing out of the contemplations of the notice of appeal filed by the political parties but refused to do the needful in order to be fair to others in the matter.     The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Monday said ultimately, the onus of having a new electoral framework ahead of the 2023 general elections resides with the National Assembly and the Presidency. INEC’s Commissioner, Festus Okoye, said this at the Nigeria Civil Society Situation Room National Stakeholders’ Forum on Elections… In "Headlines" The Independent National Electoral Commission has urged political parties and their stakeholders to obey court orders and statutory guidelines in their conduct ahead of 2023.  INEC Secretary, Rose Oriaran Anthony said this while receiving a letter from the Guardian of Democracy and Rule of law who were a solidarity rally… In "News" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday said that the use of Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) for accreditation during elections has come to stay. INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Mr Festus Okoye, said this at the one-day Implementation meeting for the FCT Area… In "Headlines"