The legendary platform that birthed and nurtured the Afrobeat music genre theNew Afrika Shrine, is expanding its services into a global, live-streaming platformstarting this Easter Weekend with a trio of performances from Rema, 2BABA,Cavemen as star performers on afrikashrine.tv. Afrikashrine.tv is a platform where all Afrobeat lovers can tap into and be part ofthese magical performances and happenings at the New Afrika Shrine, any time andfrom anywhere in the world. The original Shrine was created in the 70s by Abami Eda himself, Fela Anikulapo Kuti.Following his death in 1997, his eldest children, Femi and Yeni, lovingly built the NewAfrika Shrine in his honour. The entertainment centre located in Ikeja, Lagos, which serves as the host location of the annual Felabration music festival is set to take the magic that is Afrobeat to every nook and cranny of the world through this exciting new direction. From May 1, 2022, www.afrikashrine.tv will broadcast live, everything that takes place in the iconic, 2,500 capacity venue. With a monthly payment of just$5, subscribers will gain full access to the programme which is packed full to thebrim with outstanding live performances from Aramide, Chike, Falana, DiscoveryNight, Ayra Starr, Peruzzi, Femi Kuti, Seun Kuti, Made Kuti, and many more! Alllive-streamed performances are available for a further seven days. This transformation of the Shrine into a live-stream venue will cater to a fullprogramme of live events, featuring many of Nigeria’s most in-demand artistes,available to subscribers on this platform. In addition to the addictive sounds from the shrine, there will be sprinkles of comedy, dance and drama — a package wheresubscribers will have unfettered access to Fela documentaries, historical recordingsand concerts, including never-before-seen footage, from anywhere in the world. What are you waiting for? Subscribe now to watch these incredible performances onApril 15th, 16th, 17th, live on www.afrikashrine.tv, each day with a limited offerincluding 7-day access to rewatch your favourites. SEE LINE UP BELOW:● GOOD FRIDAY APRIL 15TH – REMA $5 Pay Per View● SATURDAY APRIL 16TH – 2BABA $5 Pay Per View● EASTER SUNDAY APRIL 17TH – CAVEMEN $5 Pay Per View Special Introductory Offer: All three events for $10.Go to www.afrikashrine.tv and book your seat from the comfort of yourhome to enjoy all performances live-streamed from the Shrine on your mobiledevices. Available for seven days following the performance.Visit https://afrikashrine.tv for more information and subscribe now for your all-timeexclusive entertainment. The genre Afrobeat became familiar to Nigerians as it dates back to the early 1920’s. FELA KUTI; The man that started it all, created this sound experimenting with different elements of jazz, highlife, traditional Yoruba music and percussion rhythms formulating a sound that took Africa by a storm. The rest… In "Entertainment" Nigerian Label Execute and CEO Of SouthNice records Ugbaja Emeka Augustine, has stated the progress and success of Afrobeats worldwide should be documented. “Afrobeat has broken into the US and UK market over the last few years, and its spreading to Europe and Asia, and this wide acceptance has to… In "News" US-based musician, Oretayo Fatokun otherwise known as Tystringz is reveling in his latest academic breakthrough after he graduating with a First Class Degree in Information Technology (IT) from Loyal University, Chicago. He scored a cumulative CGPA of 3.933 in his Master of Science (Msc) at the Chicago based institution. His… In "News"