Wẹ have commenced the process of slamming 200million naira damages fundamental rights enforcement suit in the federal high court Abuja on behalf of Omoyele Sowore against the acclaimed billionaire politician, Hon. Ned Nwoko and the police authorities for the illegal arrest of Omoyele Sowore at the Court of Appeal premises on the 24th of February 2022 and for the improper use of powers by the Nigeria police, to lay siege on the entire Court of Appeal for Omoyele Sowore on the prompting of one billionaire. Hopefully tomorrow, the court process shall be served on the respondents i.e the Nigeria Police Force, the IG of Police, the Commissioner of Police for FCT and Hon. Ned Nwoko who are respondents. We need to come together to interrogate the power of money in our policing system. Just few weeks ago the Hon. Ned Nwoko used the police to arrest Hauwa Saidu Mohammed, àlsò known as Jaruma, for mere social media banters and had her detained for 3 days on the same allegation of defamation, like he is alleging against Sowore now. For how long will this continue? -Barrister Tope Tomekun Sowore blasts Ned Nwoko for 'using police to oppress Nigerians,' demands immediate release of kayanmata seller, Jaruma. Activist publisher and former presidential candidate, Omoyele Sowore, has weighed in on the battle between businessman Ned Nwoko and Jaruma. Recall that an Abuja court, on Tuesday, remanded Jaruma to prison custody in… In "News" The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, is reportedly set to appear in court for an emergency session. Naija News reports Kanu is facing an amended 7-count charge bordering on treasonable felony and acts of terrorism which were brought against him by the government after his… In "News" A Federal High Court sitting in Lokoja on Tuesday ordered the police in Kifi to pay N1million in damages to a suspect for breach of his Fundamental Rights. Justice Sunday Bassay-Onu the order while delivering judgment in the case filed by Daniel Atabor, through his counsel, Mr O.E. Amoke. The… In "News"