Joy Obakeye Bianca Ojukwu, Women’s issues, politics, entertainment and sports were among the top searches and trending questions that grabbed the attention of Nigerian citizens in the past month. International women’s day (IWD) was marked on 8 March with corporate organisations, religious bodies, the government and members of the public using the day to discuss the social, economic, cultural and political achievements of women and the challenges they face. This year’s theme, #BreakTheBias resonated with Nigerians, as the message for gender equality was passed on. Bianca Ojukwu was one of the top names searched by Nigerians in March. Bianca Odumegwu-Ojukwu, politician, and widow of statesman and politician, Chukuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu was one of the tops searched names following her physical altercation with former Anambra’s State Governor, Willie Obiano’s wife, Ebelechukwu Obiano. Videos showing the said altercation went viral, prompting Nigerians to go to Search to get more information on what transpired. Kemi Afolabi, the popular Nollywood actress, revealed that she has only five more years to live. The actress disclosed that she has been diagnosed with lupus, an incurable inflammatory disease caused when the immune system attacks its tissues. This caught the interest of her fans and the general public and caused a spike in the search for the term, “Lupus” and the question, “What is lupus?” Pheelz and Buju were also among the top names searched by Nigerians in March. They are both Nigerian musicians who collaborated to release a song titled Finesse. The song has gone on to become an anthem and has got Nigerians searching for the lyrics of the song as well as the meaning of the word “finesse”. Interesting questions that Nigerians asked of March included, “When is Mother’s day in 2022?” and “When is APC’s National convention?” Nigerians were interested in the anticipated All Progressives Congress (APC) elective national convention that was held from March 26 to March 27 in preparation for the coming 2023 general elections. Search trends information is gleaned from data collated by Google based on what Nigerians have been searching for and asking Google. Google processes more than 40, 000 search queries every second. This translates to more than a billion searches per day and 1.2 trillion searches per year worldwide. Drama ensued on Thursday at the inauguration of Prof Chukwuma Soludo as the governor of Anambra when wife of outgoing Gov. Willie Obiano, Ebelechukwu, slapped Mrs Bianca Ojukwu at the event. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who was at the scene of the event reports that the incident… In "News" Prof Chris Mustapha Nwaokobia Jnr , National Co-ordinator "Got Your Back Nigeria" has said Governor Yahaya Bello will not let Nigerians down when Elected President in the coming 2023 general election. Prof Chris while making the call today in a press statement titled "2023: Between Politics, Prophesies, Prognostications And The… In "News" The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Owerri zone has warned the federal government of a looming industrial action, over the non-fulfilment of its 2009 agreement with the union. The Owerri zone of ASUU in a press conference held at Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka and addressed by its zonal coordinator,… In "News"