Gray Tiger, It has been three months since 2022 was welcomed by all, anticipating and hoping for greater achievements while believing and working their way through. This optimism was not limited to a class of people but has become a way of life for everyone. In the same light, a lot of folks keep flocking into the music industry, hoping to make a name for themselves. Some remain unheard of while luck seems to be on the sides of some as they are gradually getting noticed by music lovers and social media; hence, making a name for themselves in the hearts of everyone. This article highlights four (4) of the fast-rising, Nigerian music artists in 2022. Have fun! Gray Tiger Gray Tiger, a Lagos-based entertainer who is currently coming into the limelight, is one of the fast-rising music artists in 2022. He sings the Evergreen Afro Music, delivering unique sounds having a blend of international and Nigerian vibes. Initially an event planner, Gray eventually began the musical path when he started singing in 2020. Effortlessly, dropping sounds that all ages could relate to. He is currently gaining ground across social media as his songs so far have garnered the interest of youths and music lovers, gradually pushing his followers on Instagram to over 21k followers. He doesn’t have his feet deep in the industry just yet but we can be sure to look out for him as he is set to keep blowing the minds of his fans away, producing great sounds. Of all his songs, Flexxin was much more appreciated especially when it became a major trend on Tiktok for weeks when many tiktokers hopped on the “Flexxin Challenge”, dancing, dueting, and vibing to the sounds. Lojay Lojay started gaining popularity in the music industry majorly due to his collaboration with Sarz titled ” LV N ATTN”, featuring Wizkid. Lekan Osifeso Jnr., who is popularly known as Lojay began his music career in 2016 although he had a musical background as he had functioned in his mum’s church as a chorister. Eventually, he began to fine-tune this talent when he started discovering other homegrown and international sounds. This is a major influence on him becoming a Nigerian musician, songwriter, singer, and performing artist. 2022 wouldn’t be a bad year for him as long as he continues to dish out enjoyable music to his fans. Ruger Ruger seems to be enjoying attention and prominence in the music world due to his fun-filled sounds alongside the utilization of social media platforms. One of the memorable sounds he has released is the five-tracked EP titled “Pandemic”. Pandemic contains tracks like “Ruger”, “Bounce”, “Abu Dhabi”, etc” Bounce” majorly contributed to his fame as it topped many charts including the one on Apple Music. AV For the fans of Wizkid, Ruger, and Kuami Eugene, AV produces sounds that would make you love him. His street vibes, boyish good looks, strong personality, and sultry vocals are part of the reasons why his sounds are welcomed and utmostly appreciated. His major hit was his debut single which was literally dubbed “Big Thug Boys”. In this debut single, it could be seen that he is not one who is afraid to talk. Everyone should be on their toes for these ones, anticipating that 2022 looks more than promising for them. Samuel Osemudiamen Udebhulu, better known by his stage name BRAIN, born on the 10th Day of May, in the late 19th century is a young Nigerian singer, songwriter and philanthropist. The Nigerian born, South African based lyricist and entertainer, who hails from Edo state has been making waves and big moves… In "Entertainment" Omole Johnson, better known as Aje Tycoon is a fast rising Nigerian singer, songwriter, entertainer and performing artist, currently making a name for himself on the Nigerian music scene with his different kind of sound Aje who discovered his musical talent at an early age later took it as a… In "Entertainment" Charles E Itoko better known as ‘C Blaq’ or King Blaq, has been listed as one of the supporting acts for ‘NBM EASTER BEACH PARTY 2022’. Born in Ajegunle, Lagos but from Bayelsa State, C Blaq is a South Africa based, Nigerian rapper, producer and songwriter. Announcing the list of… In "News"