 Known for his hit topping songs, Move and Dream have expressed his love for live music and it’s value to esteem music lovers citing that international concerts and global carnivals around the world thrive on live sound as this will fans get to enjoy raw sounds from the artiste directly. Encouraging budding musicians;Move and Dream advice that young artist should imbibe the culture of infusing live performances into their craft as this will stand them out in the amongst others.He said ‘ Big names like Davido, Tiwa Savage, Wizkid, Burnaboy, Niniola, Yemi Alade amongst others are greats examples of great performer when it comes to stage performance delivery Event organizers also should make it a standard unit that there headliners or rather all the performers must run there performances live or noting . That way the music would improve. It’s not only about jumping around and shouting over a pre recorded track . It’s not a good look actually. We need to change and step up our business. We should at least learn from international or other foreign acts when they come to Nigeria. The legendary platform that birthed and nurtured the Afrobeat music genre theNew Afrika Shrine, is expanding its services into a global, live-streaming platformstarting this Easter Weekend with a trio of performances from Rema, 2BABA,Cavemen as star performers on afrikashrine.tv. Afrikashrine.tv is a platform where all Afrobeat lovers can tap into… In "Entertainment" Fast rising Nigerian Afropop singer and songwriter, David Ayomide Akintola better known as ‘Davuchi’ is a good example of African flying the Nigerian color high; born in Lagos and raise New Delhi, the Topclass Entertainment superstar is sure one of artist to be on the lookout for. In this interview,… In "News" Samuel Osemudiamen Udebhulu, better known by his stage name BRAIN, born on the 10th Day of May, in the late 19th century is a young Nigerian singer, songwriter and philanthropist. The Nigerian born, South African based lyricist and entertainer, who hails from Edo state has been making waves and big moves… In "Entertainment"