 The Institute of Tourism Professionals of Nigeria (ITPN) has honoured the Chief Executive Officer of Air Peace, Mr. Allen Onyema among other Nigerians during the closing ceremony of the National Tourism Transportation Summit & Expo which held recently in Abuja. Onyema received the award as the ‘Outstanding Air Travel Service CEO 2022’. Also, the Mr. Folorunsho CokerDirector General Nigeria Tourism Development Cooperation received the Outstanding Leadership in Digital Tourism Promotions “Tour Nigeria” Mr. Oluwadamilola EmmanuelGeneral Manager Lagos State Waterways Authority (LASWA) was given the award for exceptional leadership in management of state waterways transportation system In the same vein, Adelana OlamilekanManaging DirectorZenith Carex International Limitedwas honoured as the outstanding Logistics company in Nigeria. Other awardees included Chief Michael Ade-Ojo, Founder Elizade Motors as the outstanding Automobile Entreprenuer of the Decade. Green Africa Airways Limited was given the award as the Most Affordable and outstanding Airline of the year. Aero Contractor Co. Nig Ltd was also been honoured as the Most Consistent Airline in Nigeria as well as Air France as the most outstanding onboard experience. Reacting to the award, Onyema who was represented by Oluwatobi Adedayo said “Air transport is fully part of tourism and we are glad to be recognized for our contributions to the development of tourism in Nigeria as well as providing services to our customers,” Also speaking on the relevance of transportation to tourism, Mr. Oluwadamilola EmmanuelGeneral Manager Lagos State Waterways Authority (LASWA), said asides air travel, the waterways are also viable channels of boosting tourism. LASWA who was awarded for exceptional leadership in management of state waterways transportation system urged various states to strengthen waterways management system in driving economic growth Tom Okpe, Abuja Deputy chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Anti-Corruption, Hon. Dachung Musa Bagos (PDP, Plateau) has been honoured by the Guardian newspapers' with the award of Distinction in Lawmaking and Representation. The Guardian in recognizing the lawmaker said Musa Bagos who represents Jos South/Jos East Federal constituency of… In "News" Philip Clement, Abuja Advans La Fayette Microfinance Bank, a member of the Advans Group, has emerged the 2021 Microfinance Bank Brand of the Year at the Businessday Banks and Other Financial Institutions’ (BAFI) Awards. The Microfinance bank is a multinational microfinance Bank in 10 countries, with 21 branches across Nigeria.… In "News" The Federal Government has lifted the ban it placed on Emirates Airline from flying into Nigeria without conditions. The Minister of Aviation , Sen. Hadi Sirika, disclosed this on Saturday in Abuja in a statement by Mr James Odaudu, Director Public Affairs in the Ministry of Aviation. The News Agency… In "News"