 By Ukpono Ukpong Abuja The Federal Government through the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Otunba Adeniyi Adebayo has donated over 300 hardware and Computer System to the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC) in enhancing the export of non-oil products. The Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Otunba Adeniyi Adebayo during the donation at the weekend said the Federal Government had given directive that all Ministries, Department and Agencies, MDAs be digitized and expressed the hope that the newly procured hard ware and computers for staff of NEPC would further boost their performance He lauded the Executive Director of NEPC, Doctor Ezra Yakusak on his appointment and expressed hope in his capacity as an in-house person to reposition the Council for greatness He also advised the staff to redouble their efforts as who much is given, much is also expected. Also, the Executive Director of NEPC, Doctor Ezra Yakuzak said the procurement of hard ware and computers was part of the Council’s strategies of building and sustaining a work force that is well equipped and ready to deliver quality service to the exporting community According to him, the cummulative effect of International Trade Centre, ITC, report and and the circular from Head of Service of the Federation coupled with the work distruption occasioned by COVID 19 prompted the Council to commence digitization and automation of its documents and services. He stated that the management therefore awarded contract for the procurement of hardware for all Trade Promotion Officers in both the headquarters and the 33 regional and state offices to further boost their productivity. In his words “For the Council to continue its role of promoting Non-Oil exports especially in terms of building capacity for our exporters, there is need to build and sustain a workforce that is well equipped, well versatile and ready to deliver quality service to the exporting commuity and I have no doubt that with the procurement of these Computers. “The already hardworking and resourceful staff of NEPC will double their efforts in their quest to promote Non-Oil export trade’ He emphasized,” he said . He also assured exporting commuity that the Council is more than ever before ready to support them by delivering seamless service devoid of unnecessary bureaucracy bottlenecks The Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, believes Nigeria is on the right path to economic diversification focusing on non-oil exports, with the zero-oil plan actively promoted by the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC). Professor Osinbajo stated this on Thursday when he received a delegation from the NEPC led by its… In "Headlines" Vice President Yemi Osinbajo says all hands must be on deck to eliminate limitations to product quality and technical barriers, while improving market acceptability of made-in-Nigeria products. Osinbajo’s spokesman, Mr Laolu Akande in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja, said the vice president spoke at the opening session of the… In "Headlines" Vice President Yemi Osinbajo alongside several captains of the Nigerian industry have been selected to drive discussions pivotal to entrenching corporate governance principles at the 2021 Annual Directors’ Conference. Alhaji Lamis Dikko, Chairman, National Organising Committee, Annual Directors’ Conference (ADC) disclosed this at a press conference in Lagos on Thursday.… In "News"