 Nigeria’s budding entrepreneur and one of the country’s proud ambassadors in Dubai, Fidelis Junior Iruedo, has declared his intention to broaden his effort in philanthropy in 2022. He made this assertion when he declared during a live Instagram chat on his handled @thisisfideljnr: “I’m staying laser-focused on positivity and one of the future projects I am working towards is being a philanthropist.” Iruedo, the founder of NFT Heros Ltd, explained further by saying: “My idea and activities as is tailored towards helping people in need. This I have been doing unofficially for some time. But presently, I am considering the idea of registering a charity organisation.” According to him, the step has become necessary because he wants to scale up his philanthropic activities: “I pray and hope that in the future I can build a hospital and a school. I’m planning to feed 300 to 500 kids in one day,” he said. To show that he is not daydreaming, Iruedo, who is presently a manager at a car rental service in Dubai, said: “I fed about 250 or 300 people last year and it felt good to be able to help. But I feel such efforts should be properly organised to benefit more people and to make a lasting impact. That is why I will be contacting some people in Nigeria who would help me make this idea of a foundation a reality.” According to the NFT Heros Ltd boss, who is also an alumnus of the University of East Anglia: “What most people don’t know is that there is a lot of blessings from helping people who don’t even know your name. Nonetheless, I feel it is good to document things like this and put the videos and photos out there to motivate others to do the same.” Of his new company, NFT Heros Ltd, he gave some insights into what he is trying to achieve. “What we want to achieve with this project is bring forth a new marketplace for all things sold using crypto. It’s about creating a platform where buyers and sellers can trade but also create their own assets(tokenization and minting),” he said. Explaining further, he said: “We’re like Amazon. But the only products we’re selling are crypto products – NFT (Non-Fungible Tokens), tokens, coins, lands, and other assets, at least for now.” Founder and CEO of NFT Heros Limited, Fidelis Junior Iruedo, has dropped hints about the possibility of him becoming a relationship coach soon. “I sometimes feel like a relationship expert considering the volume of interventions I made for some of my friends in their relationships and the success I recorded… In "News" Entrepreneurship is an ability that is available to any human being, and is not a genetic trait, claimed emerging mogul, Fidelis Junior Iruedo, who has recently registered a new company called NFT Heros Limited. According to him: “Indeed, Sometimes, entrepreneurship runs in the family, whereby you see generation after generation… In "News" On the 17th of December 2021 at the expansive Hall within the beautiful Landmark complex, my brother Fidelis Anosike delivered the first Ms. Nigeria from the Northern part of the country in a long while. It took him about 15 years to achieve this feat especially from the deepest pool… In "News"