 Hon minister of State for FCT, Dr Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu has embarked on satellite town projects inspection and evaluation ahead of commissioning. Aliyu, while on tour of the projects, gave President Muhammadu Buhari credit for the laudable initiatives. The Minister was represented by Mr Obinna Francis, Coordinator Satellite Towns Development Department (STDD), who inspected the many projects on Friday, in Abuja. She explained that the aim of the projects’ inspection and documentation was to asses the number of projects successfully executed by the Buhari administration across the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). According to her, the satellite towns project is close to the heart of the president because of his genuine love for the masses. ”Remember that this project has a direct impact on the life of the masses in the communities,” she said. Also speaking, Francis said the minister had directed him to ensure that every project across the satellite towns was properly documented. ”In the end, completed projects across the six area councils, aimed at improving the welfare of the communities, shall be unveil ”The Buhari administration is doing so much in the rural communities that a lot of people are not even aware,” Francis noted. According to him, so far 13 projects spread across the six area councils have been successfully executed and completed. He said most of those projects were sighted at Abaji, Gwagalada, Bwari,Kuje, Karshi and Kubwa. The STDD boss directed personnel of the department to notify contractors of the projects to ensure 100 per cent completion without further delay, ahead of Commissioning. He commended some of the contractors for deligent jobs, but frowned at the attitude of others for failing to mobilise to site. The coordinator further threatened to recommend heavy sanctions against companies not meeting up with their contract obligations of ensuring timely completion. Francis said the era of collecting public funds and converting to personal use was over. Ukpono Ukpong The Federal Capital Territory is to spend the sum of N64 billion for its 2022 National Priority Projects. This was disclosed by the FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello when he presented the FCT’s 2022 National Budget to the Joint Senate and House Committees on the FCT at the… In "News" Ukpono Ukpong The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), has flagged off mass vaccination campaign against the spread of COVID-19 pandemic, targeting over 1.5 million residents in the next 50 days across the six area councils. FCT Minister of State, Dr. Ramatu Aliyu, while performing the exercise at the Old Parade… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has sacked the management of Abuja Electricity Distribution Company AEDC over Monday’s strike by the staff. A statement from the office of the Minister of State Power, Mr Goddy Jeddy-Agba, in Abuja on Tuesday, said the sack was conveyed by the presidency to the Federal Ministry of… In "Headlines"