 Popular Nigerian actress, Susan Laraba Pwajok A.K.A @susanpwajok has signed up web-based cryptocurrency trading platform, Vintage Confluence LLC in a deal to advertise the company’s Bitcoin financial exchange business on her social media platforms. The media campaign, which commenced in December 2021, will run through a period of three months. Speaking on the proposed campaign, the actress said, “I am very thrilled to be a part of Vintage Confluence through this campaign and the bolstering of cryptocurrency in this part of the world. I find my dealing with the company very worthwhile for its vast knowledge in the business of Bitcoin trading. At Vintage Confluence, they are sure of what they are doing and what to do, and the company has very deep-rooted care for its customers, which are values I also uphold and resonate with. “Vintage Confluence is such an appealing brand and I am open to working with the brand in the future if the opportunity comes. We would be spreading the word and pushing the brand more into the faces and subconscious of the masses, thereby bridging trust between the brand and the clients. “As a turn out of my dealings with Vintage Confluence on this campaign, existing and prospective clients of the company stand to experience and enjoy more brand outreach and equity.” Susan Pwajok is an actress who is popularly known for her role as Blessing in a Nigerian TV series titled, ‘The Johnsons.’ According to reports, Susan has been acting since she was three; however, she took a break only to emerge later in the industry and since then, she has been thriving in the movie industry and becoming influential. Mr. Precious Aire, CEO, Vintage Confluence said his company’s decision to engage an influence in a digital media campaign was the right decision in the right direction, noting that his company’s Bitcoin purchase transaction system offers seamless trades taking just 10 to 30 minutes every 24 hours a week in regular circumstances, hence the need to reach out to a wide range of prospective clients who have had difficulties in selling their Bitcoins with a hitch-free transaction. The Vintage Confluence CEO said, “No other platform offers a mix of security with convenience, transparency, trust, honesty and customer service like Vintage Confluence does. “We have devoted to the constant evolution of the company by listening to our users and enhancing its product mix to satisfy their requirements.” “The core mission is to provide traders with the most comprehensive Web-based trading platform available with no hassle or verification, providing thousands of satisfied customers with the right rates, at the right place, and at the right time. “We are committed to providing an exceptional customer experience in building a long-term relationship with both existing and prospective clients.” While also highlighting other unique services of the company, the Vintage Confluence chief said, “Every day, thousands of users around the world use Vintage Confluence LLC, and they are our best advertisers.” Adidas, the global sportswear manufacturer, is going all-in on crypto, announcing a partnership with Nasdaq-listed cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase, in the same week that it decided to splurge big on a plot of land in the blockchain-based virtual gaming world of The Sandbox. While neither announcements offer any details whatsoever and… In "Tech" Prof Chris Mustapha Nwaokobia Jnr, The National Co-ordinator of Got Your Back Nigeria has described Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi state as the man fit for the Presidency come 2023. Prof Chris made this known in a press statement on Thursday in Abuja. He quoted the word of Frantz Fanon… In "Politics" With just a few months to the much anticipated Yuletide season, Founder and CEO of Susan Chanel skincare and beauty line, Susan Esisi, has again extended her humanitarian outreach in her neighbourhood where she distributed foodstuffs to the needy and less privileged in her area as captured by videos posted… In "Entertainment"