 Following widespread irregularities and violence that marred Saturday’s election in Ngor-Okpala local government area of Imo State, sources within the Commission say the Independent National Electoral Commission may cancel the election. The impeccable source within the Commission said INEC may take advantage of the newly signed Electoral Act 2022 which empowers the Commission’s National headquarters to review election results that are allegedly compromised within one week of the conduct of such elections. The by-election in Ngor-Okpala was marred with violence, snatching of ballot boxes, including abduction of some officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Recall that INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner in Imo, Prof Francis Ezeonu, who briefed journalists at the Commission’s secretariat in Owerri, the state capital, confirmed that the Commission received reports of violence, snatching of INEC materials, disruption of polls and attack on INEC personnel in some polling units. The source told our reporter that the National Headquarters of INEC is waiting for the REC to officially submit his report. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday said that the use of Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) for accreditation during elections has come to stay. INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Mr Festus Okoye, said this at the one-day Implementation meeting for the FCT Area… In "Headlines" Tom Okpe, Abuja Senator Andy Uba, contender in the just concluded Anambra State Governorship election has rejected the outcome, as announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC) saying it was a Charade, and did not represent wishes of the people. In a statement signed on behalf of the candidate,… In "Politics" NKIRU NWAGBO, AWKA The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), has issue certificates of return to governor-elect, Professor Charles Chukwuma Soludo and his deputy, Dr. Onyekachukwu Ibezim, as the winners of the November 6, 2021 Governorship election in the state. The Chairman of the Commission, Professor Mahmood Yakubu, made the presentation… In "Politics"