The Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Damondardas has told The United Nations General Assemblies to look into the problem affecting the residents of the old eastern region of Nigeria widely known as BIAFRA which is propelling them to push for the separate independent state away from Nigeria. He maintained that Nigeria is structured in based on the colonial interest stating that Nigeria as Nation does not have the legitimate support of it’s citizens. He further points out the root cause of Nigeria problems as the inability of the past Nigerian Nationalists to restructure and reestablish Nigeria as a sovereign state with the popular legitimacy of it’s citizens on the basis of REFERENDUM which fosters the National cohesive spirit and patriotism. “The issue of BIAFRA agitation has to be properly addressed; self determination has always been a civil right which is Guaranteed under the international laws. Read Also: Open Governance: Kogi has set a record for FG, other… When a region seek to break away from a given country, the first thing to do is to address the problems driving such proposition. If the issue is something that can’t be addressed, partition has to be offered for them to conduct a REFERENDUM a decide their fate. Nigeria’s problems emanated from their earlier political leaders who failed to reestablish themselves after gaining independence in 1960.”He ended saying that a country that is structured in political, social and economic inequality can never stand “Patriotism is what drives nations to unity, Peaceful coexistence and equity.” Former President of Nigeria, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan, on Tuesday, urged political leaders to unite in order to save Nigeria from imminent disintegration. He spoke at the 2nd Igbo Nsukka Zik Annual Merit Award in Abuja with the theme: ‘Preserving Zik’s Legacies for National Unity’. While extolling late nationalist, Rt. Hon.… In "Headlines" Ohanaeze Ndigbo, an apex Igbo socio-cultural group in Nigeria, on Monday urged the Federal Government to “create an additional state for the South-East and regional autonomy for the Southeastern region”. According to the group, although the release of the leader of the banned Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu,… In "News" A former Governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha has called on President Muhammadu Buhari and the leadership of the All Progressive Congress, APC, to look into what Gov. Hope Uzodinma has been doing in Imo State. Okorocha, who is also the Senator Representing lmo West senatorial District, said Uzodinma’s… In "News"