By Doosuur Iwambe, Abuja For Nigeria to meet up with the 70% global target of COVID-19 vaccination coverage, the World Health Organization, WHO has emphasised the need  for increased vaccination efforts. The global health body while stressing the need to recognize that Nigeria still have some way to go to ending the pandemic said, nobody know when another variant will emerged and for that, all hands must be on deck to ensure wide vaccination coverage. Speaking during an accessment visit by the WHO team to the Garki Primary Healthcare Facility in Abuja on Thursday, the WHO Director, Department of Immunization, Vaccines and Biologicals, Dr Kate O’Brien said, she was delighted to see the turn out of mothers at the clinic with their children for Immunization. Dr O’Brien however  stressed the need to create more awareness on the need for everyone to be vaccinated for COVID-19 saying, after interacting with some of the patients, she discovered that most of the patients at the facility were not vaccinated for COVID. She said, ” You have all the materials and supply. What is left is for the people to understand how important it is to be vaccinated. This is important because we’ve seen the waves of variants. They come in every four months. Nobody know if there is going to be another variant. This is an opportunity for us to ensure that everybody is vaccinated. “We therefore cannot afford to drop our guard. Regardless of where you live, or your age,  you still need to get vaccinated when it’s your turn, with a complete course and booster dose if offered, and continue to take all the other preventive measures, both to protect yourself and others. “Ending the pandemic requires us to get to much higher levels of vaccination in key target groups and it must include getting all vulnerable individuals and health care workers vaccinated as a priority”. Also, the WHO Regional Immunization Advisor for Africa, Dr Richard Mihigo who was fielding questions from journalists after accessing the Centre called on the federal government to heighten the surveillance system and increase coverage for polio vaccination to protect  new born children. Dr Mihigo further stressed the need to address misinformation adding that part of their visit to Nigeria is to work with the authorities to understand the challenges and barriers hindering the acceptance of the vaccine. “Additionally, misinformation and disinformation fuel mistrust. This puts health and lives at risk; undermines trust in science, institutions and health systems; and hinders the response to the pandemic. “Whenever misinformation and disinformation clash with evidence-based science, another person is impeded from making the right decisions to protect their health.” On our part,  we are working with the authorities to understand the barriers and challenges. How the international community will work with government to overcome them”, he added. Earlier, Professor Helen Rees, Independent Gavi board member said, it was unfortunate that alot of children in Nigeria lack access to vaccination.She said, one of the most powerful tools Gavi is working on is to ensure that children in Nigeria and the African continent are protected. She added that Gavi is supporting the Nigerian government in rolling out COVID-19 vaccines and increase routine immunization so that some of the commonest disease like diarrhea and pneumonia are prevented. Dr Nneka Onwu, Director, Primary Healthcare system at the National Primary Healthcare Development Agency identified challenges to include,  epileptic power supply for storage of vaccines and funding amongst others. *Laments high case fatality *Says only 2.9% of Nigerians fully vaccinated *Warns against procuring fake COVID-19 vaccination cards The Federal Government has set 2022 as the target year to end the COVID-19 pandemic, announcing plans to convene a national summit next month in order to achieve the tall order it… In "Headlines" By Doosuur Iwambe, Abuja The World Health Organisation (WHO) has said that misinformation a bigger threat affecting COVID-19 response efforts in Nigeria. To this end, the global health body tasked health journalists to always equip themselves with relevant knowledge and information to ensure proper reporting. Speaking during a two-day annual… In "News" Ukpono Ukpong The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), has flagged off mass vaccination campaign against the spread of COVID-19 pandemic, targeting over 1.5 million residents in the next 50 days across the six area councils. FCT Minister of State, Dr. Ramatu Aliyu, while performing the exercise at the Old Parade… In "News"