A former Governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha has called on President Muhammadu Buhari and the leadership of the All Progressive Congress, APC, to look into what Gov. Hope Uzodinma has been doing in Imo State. Okorocha, who is also the Senator Representing lmo West senatorial District, said Uzodinma’s government had begun the demolition of about sixteen pedestrian bridges he constructed as governor, across the State Capital, Owerri, and its environs. The ex-governor, who stated this in a release signed by his Special Adviser (media) Sam Onwuemeodo in Owerri, said “as we write, more of such bridges must have also been brought down by Governor Uzodinma’s caterpillars.” He pointed out that the government in lmo seems to derive its strength and joy from the suffering and tears of Imo people following its anti-people’s policies and actions, including the demolition of the pedestrian flyovers meant for them. Okorocha further said the pedestrian bridges had been standing strong for more than eight years and had been in constant use by the people of Imo State. According to him, “The time has come for President Buhari and the leadership of APC to look into what Gov. Uzodinma and his heartless government have been doing in imo. READ ALSO: Narendra Modi: “Consider the cause of Biafra agitation… “Gov Uzodinma, since he came on board under a very disturbing scenario, is either demolishing Okorocha’s projects or renaming them, just to remove any trace to Okorocha. “The government would fill potholes on roads built or constructed by Okorocha, and rename them and also claim credits”, he said. He added that, “the same government sponsored a court case against Okorocha on the day he addressed a World Press Conference on his 2023 Presidential ambition. When that one failed, they came back and began to demolish the pedestrian bridges constructed by Okorocha with Imo people’s money. “The governor has been using Okorocha to distract Imo people and beyond, over his total failure to give Imo people leadership. “The government in Imo has taken the State into deep slumber. Nothing is working in the State. The government has unleashed task forces on Imo people. And the Governor seems not to be worried about the trauma Imo people have been going through under his government.” By Doosuur Iwambe, Abuja The National Universities Commission (NUC), has presented the operating certificate for the Kingsley Ozumba Mbadiwe University, Ogboko, to the Imo State government. The handing over was performed by the Executive Secretary of NUC, Professor Abubakar Adamu, at a brief event held at the commission’s headquarters in… In "News" Tom Okpe, Abuja Governors' of the All Progressives' Congress, (APC) under the aegis of Progressives' Governors' Forum, (PGF) has reaffirmed it's commitment to implement programmes that will stimulate economic activities and reduce inequality in the country. The PGF, under the Chairman of Alhaji Atiku Abubakar Bagudu, Governor of Kebbi State… In "News" Moses Oyediran, Enugu Apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has advised all the candidates in the concluded Anambra State Governorship election to accept the outcome of the poll. In a statement made available to newsmen on Wednesday by the Secretary-General of the Chidi Ibeh-led Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, he… In "Politics"