 A member of the National Youth Service Corps, Ihenyen Ehinome Joy (AD/20B/1932), serving in Adamawa State, has converted an abandoned building to a Clinic in Kpogno Community, a remote village in Girei LGA of Adamawa State. The idea of the Clinic came up when the corps member was participating as an enumeration officer in the National Home Grown School Feeding Programme (NHGSFP) which entailed corps members touring remote villages of the state to enumerate and register Primary School pupils for the school feeding Programme. While registering the pupils in this village (Kpogno), Joy observed that several people, particularly the children and the elderly, were not looking healthy enough. After some enquiries, she realized that the rural dwellers had to travel 14 kilometers away to access the nearest Clinic at another village called Borong. She became disturbed and took it upon herself to change the ugly situation. Using her orientation on NYSC’s Community Development Service (CDS) Programme, she strategized, secured the necessary support and approval of the NYSC scheme, mobilized the relevant stakeholders, particularly the Adamawa State Primary Healthcare Development Agency and most importantly collaborated with the people of the community. Seeing and trusted her as a messiah, the Community happily and willingly donated a four bedroom dilapidated building for the project in addition to other contributions towards its success. And finally it is mission accomplished for Copa Joy!!! As the people of Kpogno Community no longer have to travel 14 kilometers to access simple medical care. Copa Joy, an indigene from far away Edo State, Ekpoma LGA, has come to their rescue through the human scheme, NYSC. To ensure continued sustenance, management and viability of the health care centre, corps member Joy partnered with the State Primary Healthcare through the Girei LGA PHC which is to continue providing drugs, services as well as other medical consumables and non consumables. By Kolawole Abe It is the dream of every graduate of tertiary institutions in Nigeria to adorn the NYSC brown Khaki uniform. We have been regaled with tales of how newly deployed corp members wear their attires posing for the cameras and sending them to their parents and loved ones.… In "Opinion" Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajia Sadiya Umar, says more than nine million pupils across the country have benefited from the National Home Grown School Feeding Programme (NHGSFP). Umar said this on Tuesday in Makurdi at the handing-over of cooking utensils to Local Government Education Authority… In "News" Hamisu Idris Medugu, a renowned philanthropist in Adamawa Northern Senatorial District has donated a block of information and communication technology (ICT) in Government day secondary school Madagali, which used to be his Alma Mater primary school before it was upgraded to a secondary school in 2009.Medugu who is aspiring the… In "News"