The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, has commended the CEO of Digital Space Capital, Mrs. Olubukola Abitoye for her foresight and investment in the country’s financial sector. Ogunwusi made the call when he led other members of the Ooni of Ife in Council to the Ikoyi Headquarters of Digital Space Capital on Friday, 8th July 2022 on a Royal Visit. Ooni praised Abitoye for her exemplary Entrepreneurial acumen that has seen to the growth of the Finance House which is driving financial inclusions among Nigerians from Savings to Insurance through Naingate Insurance and also creating jobs for the unemployed in the country. Receiving the Ooni entourage alongside her Team which included Mr. Adegoke Adegbami, a Non Executive Director and Mr. Ayodeji Balogun, CEO Afex Commodities Exchange. Abitoye described the visit as an important and unforgettable one considering that apart from being a foremost Oba for all Yoruba sons and daughters worldwide, the Ooni is also an accomplished entrepreneur that lots of people are learning from and always giving support to Business owners in Nigeria. READ ALSO: Funke Akindele has nothing to offer – APC mocks PDP As part of the visit, the Ooni was taken on a tour of the office where he met the company staff. After the tour, He said some words of prayer for Mrs. Bukola Abitoye and the company at large. Kabiyesi also presented Mrs. Abitoye a rare art piece that signifies the joy and happiness of a Yoruba woman. He proceeded to take pictures with all the staff members of the company. Digital Space Capital (DSC) provides digitalized and secure financial solutions and is affiliated to Daylight Microfinance Bank, FundVine Asset Management and Digikolo, an online savings platform. Digital Space Capital is located in Ikoyi, Lagos Nigeria.Attachments area Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife, on Monday, condemned the killings of innocent worshippers at St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo on Sunday. It was gathered that the church was attacked yesterday by unknown gunmen, leading to the killing of scores of worshippers, DailyTimes gathered. In… In "News" AFEX, Nigeria's leading commodities market player has launched the one million Cocoa Tree Planting Initiative. The initiative would see AFEX plant one million cocoa trees across cocoa-producing regions in Nigeria. The flag-off ceremony, hosted by His Imperial Majesty (H.I.M), Ooni Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Ooni of Ife, took place on Friday,… In "News" The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, has issued a strong warning to anyone who plans to disrupt the Osun State governorship election scheduled for July 16. According to him, the Police will not hesitate to arrest and prosecute anyone found wanting throughout the period of the exercise to be conducted… In "Headlines"