Islamic State’s West Africa Province (ISWAP) has released footage of the hit on the Medium Security Custodial Centre, Kuje, Abuja. Scores of terrorists invaded the prison at about 10 p.m. Tuesday night, operating for more than two hours. The attackers stormed the government establishment with bombs, grenades and assault weapons. In the footage, the insurgents could be heard rejoicing after breaching the facility; some vehicles are seen on fire, DailyTimesNGR gathered. The incursion of the penitentiary freed several terrorists and other hardened criminals convicted or in remand. The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) confirmed that said out of 879 inmates who escaped, 443 have been recaptured. Public Relations Officer, Umar Abubakar said 551 inmates are currently in the facility with 4 inmates dead and 16 injured. READ ALSO: Kwankwaso believes Igbos are political forerunners –… An officer of the NSCDC paid the ultimate price, while at least 8 NCoS officers were wounded. Video of the Kuje prison attack below: ISWAP release a video of the attack on Kuje Prison in Abuja pic.twitter.com/OW2HmCadgJ — Murtala (@Murtalaibin) July 6, 2022 By Ukpono Ukpong & Tunde Opalana President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed disappointment with the intelligence system (and utilisation) in the Nigerian Correctional Service. This follows Tuesday night attack at the Medium Security Custodial Centre, Kuje by gunmen suspected to be terrorists, which a total of 879 inmates escaped from the… In "Headlines" The youth wing of apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has expressed shock over the prison break which occurred at the Kuje medium prison. It was earlier reported that terrorists bombed the facility, setting free about 600 inmates, including high caliber criminals. In a statement signed by the National President… In "News" The Minister of Defence, Bashir Magashi, on Wednesday, said the 64 Boko Haram suspects in Kuje Correctional Facility are missing. Magashi disclosed this during a press conference at the facility in Abuja. Unknown gunmen had attacked the prison with explosives on Tuesday night. But Magashi said the attackers are Boko… In "News"