A political economist, Professor Pat Utomi, on Tuesday said the Labour Party has a better structure than the nation’s two dominant parties – the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Utomi, a member of the Labour party, made the comment as a guest on Channels Television’s Politics Today. He expressed confidence that his party will coast to victory in the 2023 presidential election, which is barely seven months away “Labour Party has a super structure, much better than the structures APC and the PDP have,” he said. “The Labour Party is built around the labour movement and a college of civil society organisations.” According to him, the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) and the Trade Union Congress (TUC) have political commissions in every state of the federation. He stated that the party will mobilise people during the forthcoming polls to ensure that every polling booth is covered. Utomi however decried a situation whereby those in public office would steal money to rig elections, a situation people have mistaken to be political structures. He explained that the scenario whereby politicians bribe their way during elections is changing as the people want a different narrative. READ ALSO: ‘Cut and run not solution’ – Aloy Ejimakor replies… “With the structure that we have, I am guaranteeing that on the election day, in every polling station in this country, there are at least 15 people who are standing up for the third force to support the Labour party candidate,” he said. On the possibility of a merger with other parties, the Labour party chieftain stated that talks are ongoing with several political parties, although he did not disclose any specific one. When asked why he’s confident of Labour party’s victory, he berated the performance of both APC and PDP that have ruled Nigeria. Noting that they have made Africa’s most populous nation bankrupt through excessive borrowings, Utomi insisted that Nigerians demand new confidence from fresh leadership. While the Labour party has fielded ex-Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi as its presidential candidate, former Vice President Atiku Abubakar emerged as PDP’s flagbearer with ex-Lagos State Governor, Bola Tinubu to fly the APC’s flag in the 2023 presidential election. Peter Obi, former Anambra State Governor has emerged as the presidential flag bearer of the Labour party. He emerged after a keen contest with Olushola Emmanuel-Tella who was the only aspirant that refused to step down Obi’s Campaign Director, Doyin Okupe in a tweet wrote, ”Peter Obi wins Labour Party… In "News" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has fixed tomorrow (Friday) as the deadline for the submission of presidential candidates and their running mates. It was gathered that political parties participating in the 2023 general election have all concluded their primaries. This political parties now have to pick a running mate… In "2023 Elections" By Nosa Akenzua Former Anambra State governor, Mr. Peter Obi, on Monday, promised to return Nigeria to its rightful owners after his emergence as the presidential candidate of the Labour Party. He was elected on Monday afternoon during the party’s National Convention, at Orchid Hotel, Asaba, Delta State after Prof.… In "Headlines"