Borno State Senator and a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Ali Ndume, on Thursday said President Muhammadu Buhari should directly address the nation on the matter of insecurity, rather than issuing statements through his media advisers. The Senator made the comment while responding to questions on Channels Television’s Politics Today,  DailyTimesNGR gathered. He said: “I’ve said it before. “When it comes to issues like these, it is the President himself that is supposed to be talking to Nigerians, not some press adviser. READ ALSO: FCTA demolishes over 2000 illegal shanties, shops in “The President, of course, should be taking responsibility . . . he is the President. By the time you ask people to elect you as President, anything that happens to any Nigerian, God will hold you accountable you for it.” Ndume added that he was “really disappointed with the response of so many leaders. “And it is our responsibility – of government – the security and welfare of its citizens. And you have leaders responding as if it is a casualty, not their responsibility. “I feel pained to be called a Senator. I’m almost like helpless. Many of us are like that, sitting down as observers.” Ndume’s comments comes days after terrorists attacked a prison in Kuje, the Federal Capital Territory. Many of those who escaped are believed to be dangerous Boko Haram members. President Muhammadu Buhari visited the custodial centre on Wednesday, expressing regret over the attack. “I am disappointed with the intelligence system,” the President said in a statement. “How can terrorists organize, have weapons, attack a security installation and get away with it? I am expecting a comprehensive report on this shocking incident “the President said. Barely few hours after the All Progressives Congress national convention kicked off in Abuja, the presidency has responded to the outburst credited to former Lagos State Governor, Ahmed Bola Tinubu, insisting that he alone didn’t facilitate the victory of the President in 2015. Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity… In "2023 Elections" By Stephen Gbadamosi The attack on the advance presidential team to Daura, hometown of President Muhammadu Buhari in Kastina State, and the explosive attack on Kuje Prison in the nation’s Federal Capital Territory (FCT) are affirmations that the insecurity situation in Nigeria is getting out of hand at a rate… In "Headlines" By Ukpono Ukpong The Presidency has said that no one person should claim to have made the President Muhammadu Buhari win his elections as tens of millions of Nigerians voted massively to ensure his emergence. This was contained in a statement issued by the Senior Special Assistant to the President… In "2023 Elections"