The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has cautioned against the alleged plot to Islamize Nigeria. IPOB warned that it won’t allow any individual, government, or ethnic groups to Islamize Nigeria or turn it into a Fulani colony. Emma Powerful, the spokesperson of the separatist group, said some people, government, and ethnic groups are trying to use tricks to Islamize Nigeria. He, however, noted plots to Islamize the country would fail. Powerful said the attacks on Christians by bandits, herders, and terrorists are strategies aimed at Islamizing Nigeria. READ ALSO: Crisis rocks ECWA Church in Abuja, Pastor enmeshed in… A statement by Powerful reads partly: “That the attack of Christians in Church across Nigeria, using Fulani herdsmen, bandits and terrorists to attack communities in the country and sacking them from their ancestral homes, killing of their men, women, youths and raping their young ladies, are all plans aimed at taking over the communities and foisting strange religions on them, are all pointer to the dubious islamization and fulanization agenda.” The group lamented that those close to President Muhammadu Buhari are Islamic fanatics. He accused members of the All Progressives Congress, APC, around Buhari of being Jihadist foot soldiers waiting to implement the plot of Islamizing Nigeria. BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE Former Kaduna Senator, author, playwright and human rights activist, Shehu Sani, has alleged that the Islamic agenda planned for Nigeria by some forces within the Nigerian government hierarchy, the military and their Fulani cohorts has started to play out before our very eyes. Sani, who is the… In "Health" The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Thursday warned that Fulani terrorists masquerading as herders are not welcome in the Southeast. IPOB explained that Fulani terrorists masquerading as herders are raping and killing the vulnerable in the region. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of IPOB, however, said the group is not… In "News" Bruce Fein, the American counsel for the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, on Tuesday said the United Kingdom (UK) should ‘urgently’ visit the southeast region of Nigeria ‘to apologise, and make reparations for abandoning Igbo people to terrorists’. That the British colonized Nigeria in… In "News"