The All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has accused his Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, counterpart, Atiku Abubakar of lying in his recent interview. DAILY POST recalls that Atiku, former Nigerian Vice President who was featured on Arise TV on Friday, spoke on several issues bedeviling the nation particularly in regards to the forthcoming presidential elections. Atiku had during the TV programme, alleged that he declined Tinubu’s move to be his running mate in 2007 over the same faith ticket. He asserted that when he got the presidential ticket of the Action Congress of Nigeria, ACN, in 2007, Tinubu, one of the founders of the party, insisted to be his running mate but he declined in a bid to avoid having a Muslim-Muslim ticket. Atiku further opined that his stand against the Muslim-Muslim ticket formed the fundamental disagreement between him and Asiwaju from 2007 till date. However, a statement issued on Saturday by the Director, Media & Communication, Tinubu Campaign Organisation, Bayo Onanuga, said Atiku’s response to questions during the interview indicated that he is not ready for the job. The statement pointed out six areas the PDP candidate allegedly lied. Full statement reads: Mr Presidential candidate: Lincoln did not contest US Presidency five or six times, Takeaways from Atiku Abubakar bungled interview on ARISE Television We have watched Alhaji Atiku Abubakar’s interview on ARISE Television and were extremely shocked by the many lies and ignorance displayed by the Peoples Democratic Party’s presidential candidate. “In the interview, Alhaji Atiku exposed himself as a man who is not prepared for the job he is applying for and a man who can not be entrusted with our commonwealth. He was flippant in his response to important questions about his record of service and how he made money while serving in Customs. He muddled up facts and exhibited befuddling absence of mind. “Here are our takeaways from the bungled interview: We found this to be untrue. Every officer in the civil service is expected to comply with a code of conduct and service rules which bar civil and public servants from engaging in private business while in government employment to the detriment of the service he/she is employed to render to the public. The 1999 constitution further codifies this in Part I, Fifth Schedule, Section of 2 (b). It says a public officer shall not, except where he is not employed on full-time basis engage or participate in the management or running of any private business, profession or trade. The rules however allow a public officer to engage in farming. We wonder which rule or which law Atiku was relying upon for his gross misconduct as a public officer. It is our considered view that Atiku gamed the system all through his career in public service, culminating in his founding of the Intel Logistics along with Late Shehu Yar’Adua and some Italians, even while he was still in the employment of the Nigeria Customs Service. Probed further, Atiku provided several contradictory answers. In one breath, he said power rotation is not in the constitution. In another breath, he said the PDP has never “micro zoned any position’. Then he admitted that the party has always rotated power between the North and the South. Atiku’s justification as to why he became PDP’s presidential candidate, instead of a southerner is a perfect example in ellipsis: “In politics”, he said, “we negotiate power through negotiations(Sic)”. Whatever that means. Atiku, ever an expert in not telling the truth also did not come clean over his once-upon a time preference for same-faith ticket. In 1993, after Atiku and Kingibe lost to MKO Abiola in the SDP presidential primary in Jos, Atiku was the choice of the Yar’Adua camp to become Abiola’s running mate. Abiola overlooked him and picked the more cerebral diplomat and bureaucrat, Babagana Kingibe. In all the tonnes of biographies written about him, there was no where he said he opposed Shehu Yar’Adua’s support for his candidacy as Abiola’s VP. He was not against it, since it favoured him. Now, it is politically convenient and opportunistic for him to oppose the Tinubu-Shettima ticket. Mr. Presidential candidate, in case you don’t know due to your limited education, you run for an office, only, when you are on the ballot in an election. Your signifying interest in an office does not mean the same as running for the office. From available records, the first time you contested the governorship election in your state was in 1999. Your name entered the ballot for the first time and you won. Read Also: Atiku a pathological liar, asked me to be his running… This is a beer parlour tale that has been recycled over time. Lincoln contested the U.S. presidency twice. He ran in 1860 and 1864 and won both, before he was assassinated on 15 April, 1865. The false story about Lincoln’s failed presidential bids sprang from his previous failed state and national elections, from his state of Illinois. They were not the same as America’s presidential election. According to historians, Lincoln lost his first election in 1832 for Illinois state legislature. In 1834, he ran again and won. In 1843 he ran for Congress. He lost. Three years later in 1846, Lincoln ran for Congress again – this time he won and went to Washington. From established history, in 1848, Lincoln ran for re-election to Congress and lost. In 1854, he ran for Senate of the United States. He lost. Lincoln also made another failed bid for the U.S. Senate from Illinois in 1858. He lost to Democrat Steven Douglas. Our conclusion is that Alhaji Atiku Abubakar is ill-prepared to be President of Nigeria if he could bungle a Television interview that was planned well ahead of the day and time the duo of Dr. Reuben Abati and Ms.Tundun Abiola conducted it. We expected the PDP presidential candidate to be well informed on any issue before coming on national television to expose himself to avoidable ridicule. Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate, has accused his counterpart from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Atiku Abubakar of lying over his comment on Muslim-Muslim ticket. Tinubu said Atiku asked him to be his running mate in 2007 but he refused. Recall that Atiku had accused Tinubu… In "Politics" BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE In what may be seen as a dig at the choice of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Presidential Candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, for picking a fellow Muslim, Kashim Shettima as his running mate, the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, has hinted… In "Headlines" By Doosuur Iwambe The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has warned the presidential candidates of leading political parties against choosing running mates of the same religion as them. In a statement issued on Friday by Joseph Daramola, CAN national secretary, the association said the development would be “a threat to… In "Headlines"