The youth wing of apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has expressed shock over the prison break which occurred at the Kuje medium prison. It was earlier reported that terrorists bombed the facility, setting free about 600 inmates, including high caliber criminals. In a statement signed by the National President of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike and the Secretary, Comrade Obinna Achionye, the group said the development was a clear indication that bandits had taken over total control of the country. Ohanaeze recalled its earlier warning following the ambush on security agencies a few days ago. It said the Kuje prison attack “is now a confirmation that bandits and terrorists have assumed total control of the country.” READ ALSO: All Boko Haram suspects escaped from Kuje prison.. Ohanaeze wondered how “terrorists were able to launch such a darling attack in the Federal Capital Territory for several hours unchallenged. This is a clear case of conspiracy and heads mush have to roll. There should be a panel of enquiry into the recent security breaches in the country. “Failure of the Federal Government to take decisive action would mean it is complicit. It will leave the citizens with no doubt that the government has handed the country over to jihadists and terrorists.” “Foul play cannot be ruled out into what happened in Kuje prison and this is why we are calling for an independent enquiry,” the Ohanaeze youths declared. Apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has lambasted the South-East Governors over the woeful outing of presidential aspirants of Igbo extraction in the recently conducted presidential primaries of the two leading political parties. Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide said in a statement issued on Saturday by its President-General, Mazi Okwu… In "News" The apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, has denied threatening to work against the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, in the 2023 presidential election. The group was reacting to a press release reportedly made by an unnamed person, on behalf of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, which claimed… In "News" Abba Kyari, the suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) says his arrest and continued detention at the Kuje prison has emboldened criminals in their incessant onslaught against Nigeria. Kyari made the statement through his lawyer Nureini Jimoh, who prayed the Federal High Court in Abuja to review his bail application… In "News"