President Muhammadu Buhari has urged Nigerians to ensure continuity of his regime by voting for the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 presidential election. “The forthcoming general elections will provide us with the opportunity to convince the electorate of the need for continuity to enable our party to consolidate on our achievements in the last 7 years,” Mr Buhari said. The president, according to a statement by his spokesperson Femi Adesina on Friday, disclosed this while receiving a delegation from Nasarawa State. “The Government and people of Nasarawa State, as usual, have a great role to play in returning our party to governance in the 2023 elections, in order to create a path for greater socio-economic growth and development. “This is not only important for Nigeria alone but also for the West African Sub-Region,” the president was further quoted as saying. Mr Buhari assumed office in 2015, promising to tackle corruption, fight insecurity and pursue economic prosperity for every Nigerian, DailyTimesNGR gathered. However, since he assumed office, insecurity has heightened as Boko Haram insurgents and rampaging bandits continue to kill as well as kidnap for ransom. READ ALSO: Pastor Enenche demands arrest of ‘fake bishops’ Earlier in the month, Boko Haram seized the Kuje prison in the Federal Capital Territory, freeing their members and other hardened criminals into the capital on the same day Mr Buhari’s advance convoy was attacked in Katsina. Lamenting heightened insecurity, his spokesperson recently admitted that “life is nasty, brutish and nasty” under Mr Buhari’s regime. In 2018, Nigeria displaced India to become the world’s poverty capital, according to a report by Brookings Institution, with the country’s total public debt hitting a whopping N41.60 trillion under the watch of the Buhari-led regime, according to the Debt Management Office. A report by the World Bank released recently projected that inflation will plunge about 15 million Nigerians below poverty line under Mr Buhari regime. “Overall, the “inflation shock” is estimated to result in about 15 million more Nigerians living in poverty between 2020 and 2022,” the report partly reads. By Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari has vowed to ensure that the new President that will be elected come 2023 general election, will emerge through a peaceful and transparent process. In his Democracy Day speech, on Sunday, President Buhari also said it was important that every Nigerian work together to… In "Headlines" A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and a university lecturer, Professor Moses Memulanga, Friday, lambasted Bola Ahmed Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), over his comment about making Muhammadu Buhari a President in 2015 Recalls that Tinubu, also a presidential candidate, during his campaign tour… In "2023 Elections" BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE Ahead of Saturday’s governorship election in Osun State, President Muhammadu Buhari; Senate President, Ahmad Lawan; All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate and National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu; National Chairman of APC, Senator Abdullahi Adamu; Chairman, APC National Campaign Council for Osun State Governorship election and Lagos State… In "Headlines"