BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE Workers in the power sector have threatened to shut down electricity supply in the country should Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) declare a nationwide protest over the protracted industrial crises in the country’s educational sector. Under the aegis of the National Union of Electricity Employees (NUEE), the workers argued that the carefree attitude of government towards the continued closure of schools is a sorry state in the process of Nigeria’s development towards nationhood. In a statement by its General Secretary, Joe Ajaero, NUEE said it “is deeply saddened and appalled by the impasse between the Federal Government of Nigeria and Unions in the Tertiary Academic Sector (Universities, Polytechnics, Colleges of Education and Research Institutes) which has avoidably lingered.” READ ALSO: Court disqualifies Oborevwori as PDP Gov’ship… It went on: “This deadlock which has lasted for several months with the students staying at home is undoubtedly exposing the students to all forms of negative vices inimical to nation building,  DailyTimesNGR gathered. “NUEE therefore calls on the Federal Government to address all issues concerning non implementation of Agreements and others affecting Nigeria’s hallowed Tertiary Institutions.” By Tunde Opalana Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has blamed stunting economic growth on the nation's huge Infrastructure deficit. He said private sector participation in infrastructure development will be beneficial to the economy. Atiku advocated development of the critical infrastructure as needed to unleash… In "Headlines" By Ukpono Ukpong The Medical and Health Workers Union of Nigeria (MHWUN) has thrown its weight behind the quest by University based unions to ensure a better funding of its public tertiary institutions and good welfare for its teaching and non-teaching staff. This is as they have vowed to embark… In "News" The Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN) has decried the rising cost of diesel in the country and urged the Federal Government to issue its members licences to import the product from the Republic of Niger and Chad. The association, which raised the alarm that industries were being converted to warehouses… In "Headlines"