Justice Taiwo Taiwo of the Abuja Division of the Federal High Court, has disqualified Sheriff Oborevwori, the candidate of the Delta State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the 2023 governorship election. Delivering judgement, Justice Taiwo agreed with the plaintiff that Oborevwori, ought not to be on the 2023 governorship election for the PDP on account of allegedly supplying false and forged documents to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in aid of his qualification for the governorship election. The judge subsequently directed INEC and the PDP to recognize the plaintiff as candidate of the PDP in the 2023 governorship election in Delta State. Oborevwori, who is the Speaker of the Delta State House of Assembly had emerged candidate of the PDP in the May 25 primary election for the selection of its governorship flag bearer,  DailyTimesNGR gathered. However, Olorogun David Edevbie, a former Commissioner of Finance under former Governor James Ibori, who came second in the primary had contended Oborevwori’s participation in the primary on the grounds of alleged discrepancies in his academic qualifications as well as his age. He specifically urged the court to bar PDP from submitting Oborevwori’s name as the flagbearer of the party. READ ALSO: FCTA demolishes over 2000 illegal shanties, shops in Among the reliefs sought by the plaintiff are a declaration, “that Oborevwori is not qualified to participate and/or be declared the winner of the PDP Delta State Governorship Primary elections which held on May 25, 2022 for the purpose of electing its candidate or flagbearer in the forthcoming 2023 Gubernatorial Elections in Delta State, scheduled to hold on March 11, 2023 by the 3rd defendant. By Tunde Opalana Hon. Ladipupo Adebutu, governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State on Tuesday said he has been vindicated by the party as the true winner of the party's ticket. The Daily Times recalled that a parallel governorship primary election was conducted in Ogun State… In "Politics" . Says ‘I won’t be part of this charade’ A governorship hopeful on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Abia State, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, has withdrawn from the party’s primary election. The Senate Minority leader announced his withdrawal from the governorship race in a statement issued on… In "Headlines" By Ukpono Ukpong The Deputy President of the Senate and governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the 2023 governorship election in Delta State, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has felicitated with those that emerged victorious in the party's primaries. This is even as he expressed confidence that the standard… In "Politics"