A former Niger Delta militant, Asari Dokubo, has described Peter Obi, the governorship candidate of the Labour Party as “a Glorified Yahoo Yahoo”. A Facebook Live on Tuesday, monitored by POLITICS NIGERIA, Dokubo asked Nigerians to reject the former Anambra State governor. “Peter Obi is a total misfit, a Glorified Yahoo Yahoo. That is what they want to put on us. You will fail. We would not accept him near Aso-rock,” said. READ ALSO: Funke Akindele has nothing to offer – APC mocks PDP Meanwhile, Obi on Tuesday in Enugu reiterated his call for Nigerians to take back their country by ensuring the existence of unity, security and productivity in all sectors of the country. Speaking on an Enugu-based radio station, Urban Radio Breakfast Show, The Parliament, Obi, who highlighted the issues bedevilling Nigeria, said he joined the Labour Party because of the fact that his principles and policies align with the party’s objectives and ideologies. He also spoke on those he said were hired by his opponents to act as if they were his supporters. Pa Ayo Adebanjo, leader of the Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, has declared open support for the Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi. The Yoruba leader said he had lost confidence in Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Atiku Abubakar. As such, he says he would not support any of them in… In "Headlines" By Nosa Akenzua Former Anambra State governor, Mr. Peter Obi, on Monday, promised to return Nigeria to its rightful owners after his emergence as the presidential candidate of the Labour Party. He was elected on Monday afternoon during the party’s National Convention, at Orchid Hotel, Asaba, Delta State after Prof.… In "Headlines" Ahead of the forthcoming presidential election, Obi has since emerged as the candidate of the Labour Party while Kwankwaso is the flagbearer of the New Nigeria People’s Party (NNPP). The chances of an alliance between former Anambra State governor, Peter Obi, and former Kano State governor, Rabiu Kwankwaso, seem impossible… In "Headlines"