The Federal Government has announced the restructuring of five electricity distribution companies, also known as DIsCos, in the country. This was contained in a statement jointly signed on Tuesday by the Executive Chairman of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC), Sanusi Garba, and Director-General of the Bureau of Public Enterprises (BPE), Alex Okoh. According to them, the affected companies are Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO), Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC), Benin Electricity Distribution Company (BEDC), Kaduna Electric, and Port Harcourt Electricity Distribution Company (PHED). Garba and Okoh explained that the announcement followed Fidelity Bank’s activation of the call on the collaterised shares of KEDCO, BDEC, and Kaduna Electric over their inability to repay loans obtained to pay for assets acquired in the 2013 privatisation exercise. READ ALSO: Russia places entry ban on Biden’s wife, daughter They added that the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) would be a placeholder board for IBEDC in a temporary capacity while the PHED undergoes restructuring to prevent its imminent insolvency. The NREC and BPE chiefs said the new boards for the affected discos have been approved and the bureau was collaborating with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and the Ministry of Power to ensure no service disruptions during the transition. The Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) says Nigerians will experience improved electricity supply from July 1. Sanusi Garba, chairman, NERC, gave the assurance on Wednesday at an interactive session with journalists after the second Nigerian Electricity Supply Industry (NESI) meeting which was held in Lagos. Present at the meeting were… In "Headlines" The Bureau of Public Enterprises (BPE), has named five persons to serve as members of the interim management team for the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) Plc. In a statement issued on Thursday in Abuja by Amina Othman, Head, Public Communications, BPE said that the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC),… In "News" The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has filed a lawsuit against President Muhammadu Buhari “over his failure to probe allegations that over N11 trillion meant to provide regular electricity supply since 1999 may have been stolen, mismanaged or diverted into private pockets.” Nigerian cities have repeatedly been plunged into… In "Headlines"