A former presidential spokesperson, Doyin Okupe, has submitted a withdrawal letter from the position of the Vice Presidential candidate of the Labour Party. Okupe made the announcement on Twitter. “This afternoon I submitted my withdrawal letter from the position of the Vice Presidential candidate of the Labour Party to INEC,” he said. “A replacement will be announced by the national chairman of the party shortly, DailyTimesNGR gathered. “I feel greatly blessed to have been part of the foundation of success for the Labour Party.” Okupe’s withdrawal will not come as a surprise to many. In announcing his emergence as a vice presidential candidate of the party last month, Okupe had made it clear that he was only “standing in” for the actual candidate. READ ALSO: FCTA demolishes over 2000 illegal shanties, shops in The party had submitted Okupe’s name to beat the Independent National Electoral Commission’s deadline for the submission of the name of a vice presidential candidate. “Choosing the vice presidential candidate is an electoral process and it does not stop until the process and schedule ends,” Mr Okupe said at the time. “INEC allows you to present a candidate and later on, if you want to substitute, you may do so, if necessary.” Ahead of the forthcoming presidential election, Obi has since emerged as the candidate of the Labour Party while Kwankwaso is the flagbearer of the New Nigeria People’s Party (NNPP). The chances of an alliance between former Anambra State governor, Peter Obi, and former Kano State governor, Rabiu Kwankwaso, seem impossible… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana with agency report The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says the concept of “placeholder” for vice-presidential candidates “has no place in our constitutional and legal framework”. Following the completion of presidential primaries of political parties, INEC set June 17 as the deadline for the nomination of vice-presidential… In "Headlines" Peter Obi, former Anambra State Governor has emerged as the presidential flag bearer of the Labour party. He emerged after a keen contest with Olushola Emmanuel-Tella who was the only aspirant that refused to step down Obi’s Campaign Director, Doyin Okupe in a tweet wrote, ”Peter Obi wins Labour Party… In "News"