Family of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has thanked the United Nations, UN, for indicting Nigeria and Kenya in the arrest and detention of the secessionist. According to reports, the United Nations, UN Human Rights Council Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, indicted both Nigerian and Kenyan governments for the arrest and extraordinary rendition, torture and continued detention of Kanu without due process The UN demanded that the Nigerian Government immediately release the secessionist unconditionally and pay him adequate compensations for violating his human rights. READ ALSO: Suspected cult group murders Osun Prince Reacting, Kanunta Kanu, younger brother of the IPOB leader, in a tweet on his Twitter handle hailed the decision, thanked everyone working towards the release of Kanu, who is currently in the custody of the Department of State Services, DSS, DailyTimesNGR gathered. The tweet reads, “The Kanu family thanks the UN for condemning the extraordinary rendition of #MaziNnamdiKanu & directing Nigeria to release & compensate him. “We also thank @BruceFeinEsq & Prof Rachel Murray for initiating & leading this effort & Barr @AloyEjimakor for working closely with them”. The Leadership of the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, on Thursday condemned in totality the linking of the name of the Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Mr. Peter Obi in the Ezu River killings. The group also demanded the immediate release of… In "News" The Federal High Court in Abuja has adjourned proceedings in the trial of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Kanu is being prosecuted by the Federal Government for treasonable felony and terrorism — offences he allegedly committed in the course of his secessionist campaigns.… In "Headlines" Nnamdi Kanu, the embattled leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Tuesday, reacted to the ruling of Justice Binta Nyako of an Abuja Federal High Court that dismissed his bail application. Kanu said Justice Nyako’s verdict, which denied him bail was ‘expected’. Speaking after Tuesday’s court session, the… In "News"