A yet-to-be-identified female student of Shehu Shagari College of Education in Sokoto was on Thursday beaten and burnt to death for alleged blasphemy. POLITICS NIGERIA reports that the school has announced its shutdown over the crisis. This newspaper obtained a copy of the announcement. The treatment of those deemed to have insulted the prophet of Islam (Muhammad), or the religion itself in Nigeria’s northern region is a source of concern. READ ALSO: Reno Omokri : Why Buhari’s order to ministers is… In 2020, a Shariah court in that axis condemned Yahaya Sharif-Aminu, a 22-year-old Muslim gospel musician, to death for committing blasphemy in a series of private WhatsApp messages. The same court found a 16-year-old boy, Umar Farouk, guilty of blasphemy for reportedly insulting the Prophet Muhammad while arguing with a friend and sentenced him to 10 years in prison with manual labour, DailyTimes gathered. Farouk’s sentence has been overturned, and Sharif-Aminu’s case has been sent for retrial. But these sentences critics consider harsh, are only examples of the problematic application of Shariah law in some states in northern Nigeria. More worrisome is the latest mob action against the tertiary institution student. Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has expressed sadness over the killing of a female student of Shehu Shagari College of Education Sokoto State. DailyTimes earlier reported that the student who was identified as Deborah Yakubu was lynched by some male Muslim students for allegedly insulting… In "News" Tunde Opalana, Abuja Sokoto State government has challenge the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) or any Anti- corruption agency to make available evidence on the alleged diversion of N189 billion state fund by Governor Aminu Tambuwal. This is as the government slammed political detractors of Gov. Tambuwal for sponsoring… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari, on Wednesday, expressed sadness over the recent gruesome attack on innocent travellers in Sokoto State. This is even as the Sokoto State government has confirmed 23 deaths among travellers attacked by bandits in Isa local government area. The President in a statement by his Special Adviser on… In "Headlines"