The Ebonyi State Police Command on Monday said that it has invaded the main camp of Eastern Security Network, ESN, located at Isu community in Onicha LGA of the state and dislodged suspected criminals. The state Commissioner of Police, who spoke to newsmen in Abakaliki through the Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, SP Chris Anyanwu, said the suspected criminals were dislodged through the joint efforts of the security operatives; police, DSS and the military, DailyTimes gathered. He revealed that the command equally arrested two notorious native doctors; Itumo Edeh Omukwor, 63, and Irem Ogbeji Nwaduma, 50, from Okpera Osege in Ndufu Echara Ikwo LGA of the state. Anyanwu noted further the suspected native doctors were arrested in connection with the incessant attacks on Police formations/personnel and government establishments as well as preparing their cohorts with charms when going for such dastardly attacks. He said that the hoodlums attacked and killed a police officer attached to Ebonyi State Police Command, whose name is yet to be identified. He said: “A joint operation of the Ebonyi State Police Command Tactical Operation Teams, the Military and DSS embarked on an operation to dislodge criminals hibernating at a camp at Isu Onicha. “This was sequel to an attack on a Police patrol team yesterday evening during which an Police officer was murdered in cold blood by the hoodlums. “While surveying the one-way route into the camp, the combined security forces were ambushed by the hoodlums who rained sporadic bullet shots in their direction. “In a swift and spontaneous response, the joint team engaged the hoodlums in a counter-firing that lasted over 30 minutes and neutralized them. READ ALSO: PDP presents Certificate of Return to Atiku… “As a result of the superior fire power of the joint team, some of the hoodlums with bullet-wounds scampered for escape in different directions. The team later combed the bush and recovered two AK-47 rifles with a few rounds of their ammunition and three corpses of the assailants. “The team made their way to the main enclave of the miscreants and after a thorough ransacking, recovered more exhibits,” he said. Items recovered from the suspects include; one AK-49 rifle breech number 1984-AM1196, one AK-47 rifle breech number 1971-DF2726, one AR rifle with illegible breech number, 147 rounds of AR ammunition, 38 rounds of AK-47 ammunition, one locally fabricated double-barrelled pistol. Also, two walkie-talkie sets and their chargers, two charm-like substances,one hospital card, one Diamond Bank ATM card, two National ID cards, and one Techno phone battery and other incriminating items. “Two of the criminals were fatally wounded and were confirmed dead at the hospital,” he stated. The Imo State Police Command, on Thursday, said it has uncovered a deadly shrine and arrested seven suspected members of the Eastern Security Network, ESN, of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, as well as a live python they used to fortify themselves before attacks. The State Police Public Relations… In "News" The Kaduna Police Command, on Friday, said its operatives neutralized one bandit, arrested six and recovered 130 cattle and 80 sheep. This was expressed in a statement on Friday by the Command’s Public Relations Officer, ASP Mohammed Jalige. The statement said the command acted on information that cattle rustlers were… In "News" Abba Kyari, the suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) says his arrest and continued detention at the Kuje prison has emboldened criminals in their incessant onslaught against Nigeria. Kyari made the statement through his lawyer Nureini Jimoh, who prayed the Federal High Court in Abuja to review his bail application… In "News"