Dr Bukoka Saraki, a former Senate President, has met delegates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Lagos, appealing to them to support his move to secure the party’s presidential ticket. He told the delegates that he remained their own as someone who last defeated the “Emperor of Bourdillon” who vowed that he would not become the senate president. He told the delegates that he remained their own as someone who last defeated the “Emperor of Bourdillon” who vowed that he would not become the senate president. Recall that Saraki, then a member of the All Progressives Congress (APC), emerged as senate president in 2015 against the preferred candidate of the party and the National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. READ ALSO: Music is money driven now and less of passion- MOVE… Speaking at a meeting with the delegates, Saraki said as he defeated the Emperor of Bourdillon, making reference to the former governor of the state and presidential hopeful, he would help the party reclaim the state in 2023. He said due to the reconciliatory effort he spearheaded, PDP was united in Lagos and many other states like Plateau, Ogun and Oyo. Saraki also said the move by the executive to remove him as senate president failed because he was a team player and his colleagues had confidence in him. By Tunde Opalana & Haruna Salami The Senate, on Tuesday, amended the Electoral Act, 2022, to allow ‘statutory delegates’ - all those elected - to participate and vote in the conventions, congresses or meetings of political parties. This followed the expeditious consideration of a bill which scaled first, second and… In "Politics" By Tunde Opalana …To bring in Atiku, Anyim others Presidential aspirants on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) currently engaging in consensus talk have started meeting with PDP governors to intimate them on the noble idea of reducing contest for the party's ticket. There is also plans to… In "Politics" The Nigeria Rebirth Platform (NRP) says People’s Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Chief Olabode George and other critics of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu have no reason to lose sleep over his potential emergence as president in 2023. The pro-Tinubu group urged George, in particular, not to nurse any fear about his… In "News"