Abba Kyari, the suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) says his arrest and continued detention at the Kuje prison has emboldened criminals in their incessant onslaught against Nigeria. Kyari made the statement through his lawyer Nureini Jimoh, who prayed the Federal High Court in Abuja to review his bail application initially rejected. Citing instances of insecurity such as the Kaduna-Abuja train bombing on March 28, the Kaduna airport attack, as well as rampant banditry on the road linking Kaduna to Abuja, Kyari argued that the country had become a hotbed of crises ever since his arrest. “Upon the incarceration of the applicants, criminality in the nation has risen up. The Kaduna train attack, Kaduna-Abuja Road attack as well as Kaduna airport attack was a result of the incarceration of the applicants,” the document submitted to the court partly reads. READ ALSO: Music is money driven now and less of passion- MOVE… Kyari further stressed in the document that the failure of the police to apprehend the bandits was hinged largely on his detention, insinuating security officials were incapable of functioning efficiently without his input. He said, “The entire plan to incarcerate the applicants led to the criminal upsurge and other high-level insecurity in the country. Since the incarceration of the applicants, the police have not recorded any level of success on the senseless attack(s) across the country.” The court had in March ordered that Kyari be remanded at Kuje correctional centre pending the conclusion of his trial. He was arrested by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on February 12 and was arraigned on March 7 over allegations of drug trafficking. By Joy Obakeye As more facts emerged about the casualties of the terror attack on Abuja – Kaduna train last Monday, a call has been made for an all-inclusive framework for National Security measures as contained in the 2014 National Confab to complement the currently integrated security surveillance and monitoring… In "News" …advises FG/security agencies to change tactics, pleads with bandits to lay down arms and embrace peace Following the incessant attacks by Boko Haram/ISWAP in the North-East, Bandit/Terrorists in the North West, Unknown gunmen/IPOB in the South-East and the recent attacks on the Abuja- Kaduna train, the United Nations SDG Ambassador… In "News" Deputy Inspector General of Police, Joseph Egbunike is Dead, POLITICS NIGERIA has learned. Egbunike died at the National Hospital in Abuja on Tuesday night after collapsing in his office. He headed the Federal Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department (FCIID) of the Nigerian Police Force. The deceased who hails from Onitsha,… In "News"