The recent promotion of former Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, to the rank of Assistant Inspector-General of Police (AIG), came after his retirement, Minister of Police Affairs, Maigari Dingyadi, has said. He disclosed this on Thursday when he featured as a guest on the weekly Ministerial Briefing, organised by the Presidential Communication Team at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, DailyTimes gathered. It would be recalled that the Police Service Commission (PSC), on Monday, approved the promotion of the former EFCC boss, just about when his retirement from the Nigeria Police Force was due, having clocked the age of 60 on May 5, 2022. READ ALSO: Ben Enwonwu’s Ogolo valued at $105,000 at ARTSPLIT’s… Magu had been investigated by a presidential panel, headed by Justice Ayo Salami, which had since submitted its report in which it recommended the retirement of Magu in 2020. When asked why he was promoted, the minister said it was the responsibility of the PSC, which is under the Presidency, to provide the answer. But he affirmed that Magu has already retired, noting that being retired will not preclude him from any disciplinary measures should the need arise. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has denied the “theft” of N10.9billion belonging to the National Intelligence Agency (NIA) by its official. On April 12, 2017, the EFCC uncovered about $43.5million, £27,800 and N23.2 million inside Apartment 7B, Osborne Towers in Ikoyi, Lagos. Vice President Yemi Osinbajo chaired a… In "News" Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State on Thursday said he is fully with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) who is eyeing the presidency in 2023. El Rufai openly declared his support for the former Lagos State Governor at the Umaru Musa Yar’adua… In "Politics" A former chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Adamu Garba, has described the ruling party as a brothel and a motor park. Garba reiterated that he dumped the party over the cost of its nomination and expression of interest forms, DailyTimes gathered. Recall that Garba recently purchased a presidential expression… In "Politics"