The apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, has denied threatening to work against the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, in the 2023 presidential election. The group was reacting to a press release reportedly made by an unnamed person, on behalf of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, which claimed the Igbos would rise against the former vice president and reject the PDP in the South-east, DailyTimes gathered. The statement was said to have been made after Abubakar defeated other aspirants, including those from the South-east, at the PDP primary on Saturday. But in a statement by its spokesperson, Chiedozie Ogbonnia, Ohanaeze Ndigbo disowned the statement, describing those behind it as “mischief makers, impostors, charlatans and unscrupulous social climbers”. Ohanaeze Ndigbo regretted that those who issued the “fake press release” have been leeching on their footprints to deceive the unsuspecting members of the public, noting that their activities have been the bane to Igbo cohesion. “For the avoidance of doubt, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, the apex Igbo socio-cultural body, led by Ambassador Professor George Obiozor has not issued any press statement on the candidacy of Alhaji Atiku Abubakar,” Ogbonnia said. READ ALSO: Okorocha denies N2.9bn fraud charges, as Court remand… “Ohanaeze awaits with keen interest, the full outcome of the ongoing primaries by all the political parties before it can issue a press release with respect to the Igbo position on the 2023 general election,” he added. The Ohanaeze spokesperson asked the public to disregard any statement which did not come from the group’s Secretary General, Okey Emuchay. There have been calls from South-east leaders that the region should be allowed in 2023 to produce a president for the first time. Ohanaeze Ndigbo has been at the forefront of the agitation for Nigerian president of South-east extraction. By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the emergence of the former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar as its presidential candidate as an indication that the 2023 election will be a moment of historic decision of all Nigerians to right the wrongs of the misrule by… In "Headlines" .Say ex-VP’s emergence, a blazing affront on the people of Southern Nigeria Leaders of thoughts, elder statesmen from four of the six geo-political zones of the country, under the aegis of Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum (SMBLF) led by South-South Leader, Chief Edwin Clark have lampooned the opposition Peoples… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana …Blames Wike's loss on exceptional treachery from Sokoto Concerned about the victory of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2023 presidential elections, a group within the party has advocated that a firm collaboration between Alhaji Atiku Abubakar and Governor Nyesom Wike is absolutely essential. The PDP… In "Politics"