Turkey has told allies that it will reject Sweden and Finland’s membership in NATO. Turkish President, Tayyip Erdogan said this in a video posted on his Twitter account on Thursday, DailyTimes gathered. Recall that Finland and Sweden on Wednesday formally applied to join U.S.-led NATO, due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Erdogan, in an interview with students late on Wednesday, said, “We will continue our policy in a determined way. “We have told allies that we will say no to Finland and Sweden’s NATO membership.” The Turkish president said Sweden and Finland were harbouring and financing “terrorists” and supplying them with weapons. READ ALSO: Ben Enwonwu’s Ogolo valued at $105,000 at ARTSPLIT’s… The president’s speech was a repetition of Ankara’s accusation that the countries were supporting groups that it deems terrorists, NAN reports. The countries include the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group and the Syrian Kurdish YPG, which it also views as a terrorist group closely tied to the PKK. “NATO is a security alliance and we cannot accept terrorists to be in it,” Erdogan added. Sweden has signed an application declaring it wants to join NATO. This is despite a strong opposition from Turkey and disagreement with Russia over the move. Signing the application is a formal step by Stockholm toward joining the military alliance. The signing also ended years of military neutrality and this… In "Foreign" By Ukpono Ukpong .Says the group lacks such powers The Presidency has said that it strongly condemned the call by the Northern Elders Forum for the expulsion of any one, group or section of the country from the Federal Republic of Nigeria. In a statement signed by Senior Special Assistant… In "Headlines" By Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari has promised that more investments will be deployed to the provision of infrastructure and facilities for safe, secure, environmentally friendly and sustainable civil aviation. The President, who received the Secretary General of International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), Mr Juan Carlos Salazar, yesterday at the… In "Headlines"