…Announces Kunle Remi, Sashin Kandhai, others as judges Leading content company, Zee-Entertainment has announced that all is now set for the airing of the ‘Dance Naija Dance’ Reality show an extension of the just concluded Zee World Dance Africa Dance which recorded huge success. The Dance reality show is a fusion of Nigerian and Indian culture with a successful selection of 16 dance crews across the 36 states in Nigeria; the show is expected to take off on screen from August 2022 with the grand prize of N5Million naira and other consolidation prizes. Speaking on the show, the Chief Executive Officer for Sub-Saharan Africa and Indian Ocean Islands, Somnath Malakar, disclosed that the contest was specifically designed for Nigerians and Indians, explaining that the similarities between the two countries in terms of family values and lifestyle are things to reckon with. He however noted that the reality show recorded over three hundred and fifty entries across all 36 states. It is pertinent to note that Nollywood hunk, Kunle Remi alongside Keneth Agabata, Pelumi Buari, Sashin Kandhai were unveiled as the judges for the show while multi talented Hero Daniels will be the residence host. Speaking the new role, Kunle Remi said ‘ It feels good to be on the other side of the table as I have never been a judge in life and I am honored to be saddled with this huge mantle as I expect each dance crew to tell a story with their several dance moves. A special number for a unique day, 325, which can pass as "3|25" (25th of March), also doubles as Trace Naija’s Channel number (on DSTV) and it is a day specially set aside to celebrate Afro-urban excellence around the continent. This March, Nigerians will celebrate 325 days with Trace Naija… In "Entertainment" By Joy Obakeye Google has announced its first product development centre in Africa, to be located in Nairobi. The new product development centre will help to create transformative products and services for people in Africa and around the world and will be hiring visionary engineers, product managers, UX designers and… In "Technology" The legendary platform that birthed and nurtured the Afrobeat music genre theNew Afrika Shrine, is expanding its services into a global, live-streaming platformstarting this Easter Weekend with a trio of performances from Rema, 2BABA,Cavemen as star performers on afrikashrine.tv. Afrikashrine.tv is a platform where all Afrobeat lovers can tap into… In "Entertainment"