Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, has condemned the stoning to death and burning of Deborah Samuel, a female student of Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto, for alleged blasphemy against Prophet Muhammad on Thursday, last week. Welby, the head of the worldwide Anglican Communion and the Diocesan Bishop of the Diocese of Canterbury, in a series of tweets on Wednesday expressed disappointment that to date, people were killing in the name of God. He appealed to the Nigerian government to take proactive measures and ensure that the religious rights of all citizens are protected. “I strongly condemn the appalling stoning to death of a Christian woman in Sokoto, Nigeria. This violence is a sin against God. I pray for the family and loved ones of Deborah Samuel, and I continue to pray fervently for the nation of Nigeria,” he explained. READ ALSO: Ben Enwonwu’s Ogolo valued at $105,000 at ARTSPLIT’s… According to him, he has spent much time in northern Nigeria working with others in pursuit of reconciliation and interfaith dialogue, saying that he is profoundly disappointed and grieved that such violence still takes place in God’s name, DailyTimes gathered. Justin Welby expressed gratitude to Nigerian Muslim leaders that have condemned the atrocity and called for renewed efforts by the Nigerian Government to ensure liberty and equality under the law – whether for Christians or Muslims. Welby is close to President Muhammadu Buhari whom he has visited at least four times. Pastor Tunde Bakare, a presidential candidate and the Overseer of the Citadel Global Community Church, has declared that the Qur’an does not sanction murdering, especially for blasphemy. Bakare made the remarks on Monday while condemning the assassination of Deborah Samuel, a 200-level student of Shehu Shagari College of Education in… In "News" An aide to the governor of Sokoto, Aminu Tambuwal, has warned Christians in Nigeria that they will be sent to their graves early if they denigrate their adored Prophet Muhammad. Deborah Samuel, a Christian student at Shehu Shagari College of Education in Wamako, was lynched in Sokoto for blasphemy. According… In "News" The parents of the late Deborah Samuel of Shagari College of Education Sokoto, Sokoto State have described the death of their daughter as sad and painful, saying they have left her killers to God. It was earlier reported the remains of Deborah were laid to rest in her hometown, Tungan… In "News"