A former Niger Delta militant, Asari Dokubo, on Wednesday dismissed notions that he is supporting the National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, in respect of the 2023 presidential election. Recalls that Dokubo last month said the only candidate amongst other 2023 presidential aspirants who has the ‘pedigree’ is former Lagos State Governor, Tinubu. Dokubo during an interview on Arise Television at the time disclosed that only Tinubu has the right to speak and call on Nigerians to vote him because he is the only one that has ‘transformed a state’, DailyTimes gathered. Asked during a Facebook Live this afternoon by a viewer, his preferred candidate for 2023, Dokubo responded: “I am not supporting Tinubu. My pointing out of the works of Tinubu in Lagos does not make me a supporter of Tinubu.” READ ALSO: Reno Omokri : Why Buhari’s order to ministers is… Already, the APC special presidential convention is scheduled to hold from Monday, May 30, to Wednesday, June 1. The National leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) was on Tuesday called upon to make Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu as its consensus presidential candidate for the 2023 general elections. The group made the call during the opening of a two-day roundtable discussion organized by the Tinubu Grassroots Support Coalition… In "News" The Nigeria Rebirth Platform (NRP) says People’s Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Chief Olabode George and other critics of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu have no reason to lose sleep over his potential emergence as president in 2023. The pro-Tinubu group urged George, in particular, not to nurse any fear about his… In "News" The Middle Belt Youth Emancipation Vanguard has called on stakeholders of the All Progressives Congress from the zone to adopt party national leader, Bola Tinubu, as its consensus presidential candidate. The group said it settled for the former Lagos State Governor after a careful assessment of the aspirants, concluding that… In "News"