By Stephen Gbadamosi The kidnapped Prelate of the Methodist Church, His Eminence Samuel Uche, and two other abducted clerics have regained freedom. They were released at 6.30 pm on Monday but details are still sketchy as of the time of filing this report. It is also unclear if any ransom was paid before they were released. The church is also yet to issue a statement about the release of the men who were abducted in Abia State on Sunday, DailyTimes gathered. The police spokesman in the state Geoffrey Ogbonna had told newsmen that the preacher was kidnapped alongside two others – the Bishop of Methodist Church, Owerri Diocese, and the prelate’s chaplain. He explained that they were whisked away at about 2 pm on their way from a church programme in Okigwe (Imo State) to Isuochi in Umu Nneochi Local Government Area of Abia State. In the wake of the incident, the command mobilised men to speed up efforts to rescue the clergymen. “We have mobilised all the tactical teams to ensure they are rescued and for the possible arrest of the hoodlums,” Ogbonna said at that time. “We are calling on members of the public to volunteer credible information that would help us in the rescue of the victims and for the possible arrest of the suspects.” READ ALSO: MNJTF kills 30 terrorists, recovers fully-loaded gun.. Before the release of the clerics, the church had written to its leadership and congregation to help raise the N100 million ransom money. According to a memo signed by the Secretary of Conference of the Archbishops and Bishops of the church, the Right Reverend (Dr.) Michael O. Akinwale, a copy of which was made available to journalists on Monday, the move became necessary to secure the release of the cleric. Entitled; “Re: Unfortunate Matter of the Abduction of the Prelate, Bishop and Prelate’s Chaplain,” the memo, addressed to archbishops and bishops of the church, stated that: “The devastating news of the abduction of our Prelate, the Bishop of Owerri and Prelate’s Chaplain has left everybody in shock. “This is a period of trial in which the church must cry out that ‘the Lord that answereth by fire’ must be our God to destroy all the manipulations of the adversary.’ “Let us all arise and cry out to the Lord. “As we engage in prayer warfare, this serves to notify you that the abductors have demanded a ransom of N100 million. “In view of the urgency and the dire need to arrest the situation for the safety of our prelate and other abductees, it has become imperative to seek your urgent response to raise the N100 million ransom. “The account particulars are: Name: Methodist Church Nigeria; account number: 2000041229; Bank: First Bank. “The safety of the Prelate and other abductees must be of paramount concern to all, and your contributions spiritually and monetarily shall not go unrewarded.” By ldibia Gabriel, Kaduna It was a essemblance of Walen Wall, as tears rolls freely by parents, sympathizers and other church members, when Bandits released over 60 emaciated looking church members kidnapped in kaduna, after many weeks in captivity. Coincidentally, the victims were however released a day after over 50… In "Headlines" The Leader Of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, on Thursday urged President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to release the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu. Primate Ayodele said Kanu should be released because he isn’t the problem of insecurity in the South East. He… In "News" . Says ‘I won’t be part of this charade’ A governorship hopeful on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Abia State, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, has withdrawn from the party’s primary election. The Senate Minority leader announced his withdrawal from the governorship race in a statement issued on… In "Headlines"