Ahead of the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential primary election, President Muhammadu Buhari has asked governors elected on the platform of the ruling party to allow him pick his successor. The president made the request in his address during a meeting with the Progressives Governors Forum in Abuja on Tuesday, DailyTimes gathered. According to Buhari, the state governors were given the opportunity to pick their successor, asking them to allow him do same at the federal level. READ ALSO: INEC test runs BVAS in Ekiti ahead of governorship… Buhari said, “In keeping with the established internal policies of the Party and as we approach the Convention in a few days, therefore, I wish to solicit the reciprocity and support of the Governors and other stakeholders in picking my successor, who would fly the flag of our party for election into the office of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in 2023. “We gave governors re-election tickets or opportunity to pick their successors; allow me pick my successor.” Joe Igbokwe, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Lagos State, has cautioned the North against thinking it would produce President Muhammadu Buhari’s successor in 2023. Igbokwe said the North should perish the thought of a Northerner succeeding Buhari in 2023, DailyTimes gathered. The Special Adviser to Governor… In "Politics" By Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari, has reiterated his commitment to ensure free, peaceful and fair elections in 2023. He further expressed his willingness to see candidates with integrity prevail in next year's general elections. The President hinted this when he received in audience an All Progressives Congress aspirant vying… In "Headlines" Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has declared support for the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar. Recall that the governor, on Saturday, lost the party’s presidential ticket to the former Vice President, Atiku. There have been speculations that Governor Wike may jettison the party’s interest by refusing… In "Politics"