By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has accused the Buhari Presidency of allowing the mass looting of public funds to corruptly create a war chest for the APC to intimidate Nigerians and muscle the 2023 general elections. The PDP alerted that the APC is diverting public funds meant for development purposes and salaries of workers to its coffers by orchestrating the purchase of its Presidential nomination form by all manner of persons at excessive N100 million to warehouse sleaze funds for the elections The party in a statement Tuesday by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon Debo Ologunagba said information at its disposal revealed how “public funds are being withdrawn from Ministries, Agencies and Parastatals of government and diverted to people who have no verifiable means of livelihood to purchase APC’s Presidential Nomination and Expression of Interest forms for individuals without any electoral value and who cannot even win Local Government elections.” The party said it has intelligence on how public funds are pulled out of government Agencies in a surreptitious design perfected by an APC leader in connivance with certain individuals in positions of authority close to top persons in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). “Nigerians will recall that the PDP had earlier alerted on how the CBN under Mr. Godwin Emefiele as CBN Governor has been turned into the finance department of the APC where APC leaders fraudulently access public funds through nebulous subsidies, shady intervention programmes and discriminatory exchange policies which perpetuate illegal arbitrage system “The rejected APC has resorted to this underhand method to corruptly rake in billions of naira from public treasury without consideration for the welfare of Nigerians. “This APC’s nefarious action is informed by its realization that its leaders cannot make huge donations to the APC coffers as they will be violating the limits of contribution to political parties as stipulated by law and regulation. “The APC is a sinking ship with ill-fated and inchoate sailors holding on to straw including this shameless attempt to sweep our national treasury. It is regrettable that the APC has shamelessly and soullessly extended their corruption to our electoral process not minding the consequential effect on our democratic system. READ ALSO: Music is money driven now and less of passion- MOVE… “In any case, such shenanigan and criminal pillaging of our treasury cannot prevent the imminent crushing defeat of the APC at the polls in 2023, Nigerians having realized the fraud and life discounting experiences that the APC represents,” the statement read. The PDP charged the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), the Accountant General of the Federation as well as the Auditor General of the Federation to immediately commence investigation and monitor the movement of funds in Ministries, Department and Agencies of government so as to protect our national treasury from the APC as we approach the 2023 general elections. ...Ex-President will run, assures associate  Political associates of former President Goodluck Jonathan are divided over the decision of the former president to contest the 2023 presidential election on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). While some are favourably disposed to Jonathan throwing his hat in the ring,… In "News" ex-President will run and win on party platform- associate National chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abdullahi Adamu Monday night in Abuja hosted former President Goodluck Jonathan, confirming what had been rumours that the former president has defected to the ruling APC Monday’s meeting came barely three hours… In "News" Alhaji Mahdi Aliyu Gusau, the former Deputy Governor of Zamfara State, Alhaji Mahdi Aliyu Gusau, has on Wednesday afternoon obtained the nomination and expression of interest forms to contest the 2023 governorship election on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Gusau, who was impeached in February 2022 will… In "News"