Former Senator representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District, Senator Shehu Sani, on Thursday, reacted to the death of Reverend Father Joseph Bako in kidnappers’ den. Rev Fr. Joseph was abducted by gunmen from his residence in Kudenda community of Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State, on March 8, 2022, after killing his security guard, DailyTimes gathered. He was pronounced dead after two months in kidnappers’ den. Senator Sani, on his verified Facebook handle, condemned the kidnap and death of the clergyman. Sani tweeted; “The death of Reverend Father Joseph Bako in the hands of kidnappers is unfortunate and condemnable. “It’s sad that human lives are continuously wasted before the watchful eyes of Nigeria’s leaders. READ ALSO: Reno Omokri : Why Buhari’s order to ministers is… “The failure to rescue father Bako and others in captivity is an open testimony to the hopelessness of the security situation in the state and the country. “Leaders who cannot protect the lives of the people they lead have no business being in government.” Tunde Opalana, Abuja A governorship aspirants on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Arc. Ahmed Aminu Yar'Adua has blamed incessant banditry attacks on Zamfara State on insensitivity of the Aminu Masari administration. He promised to tackle banditry and other forms of insecurity in the state if elected as… In "Politics" By Makut Simon Macham The story behind the political journey of Rt. Hon. Simon Bako Lalong, Executive Governor of Plateau State and Chairman, Northern States Governors Forum cannot be fully comprehended without looking closely at his upbringing and early childhood which is a story of grass-to-grace fashioned in resilience, hardwork,… In "News" Senator Shehu Sani, a prominent Nigerian politician who represented Kaduna Central in the 8th Senate, has said the suspension of telecom services in September by authorities “has not stopped the cruelty of kidnappings”. Sani stated this in a Twitter update on his verified handle on Monday. The Peoples Democratic Party… In "News"