A former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode, has disclosed why the Presidency should return to the northern part of Nigeria. Fani-Kayode explained that Igbos should be given the first right of refusal regarding producing Nigeria’s next President. He noted that any discussion of a southern Presidency that does not give the Igbos the first right of refusal is deceitful. In a series of tweets, Fani-Kayode said the North Central and Northeast have never produced a Nigerian President, DailyTimes gathered. Fani-Kayode wrote: “Any talk of a Southern Presidency that does not offer the Igbo right of first refusal for the position is deceitful. And if you say no to the Igbos, which clearly both parties have done even if they don’t say it publicly, then I say let the Presidency go back to the North! READ ALSO: Pastor Bakare: Quran does not support killing based on… “That is why I am supporting a Northern aspirant. Southerners must learn to be fair to one another before they can expect to be treated fairly by others. “There are two zones in the North that have not produced a democratically-elected President. “The NC has NEVER done so & the NE produced a Prime Minister 62 years ago who was unable to finish his tenure because he was killed. Is it fair to deny them & the Igbo, who have never produced a democratically-elected President either, the right to produce the next President? “ Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode, has reacted to President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive asking his appointees to resign. Fani-Kayode said Buhari’s order to his cabinet members was commendable and timely. Buhari, at the Federal Executive Council, FEC, meeting on Wednesday told cabinet members who have declared their political ambition to resign… In "News" The Chief Whip of the Nigerian Senate, Orji Kalu, on Thursday slammed elder statesman and former Federal Information Commissioner, Chief Edwin Clark. POLITICS NIGERIA reports that Clark had taken Kalu to the cleaners, describing him as a “traitor”. While accusing the former Abia Governor of betraying the Igbo cause, the… In "Politics" A Pro-Northern group, Arewa Citizens Action for Good Governance, has warned the All Progressives Congress, APC against zoning the 2023 presidency to the South. There has been reports in some section of the media that the APC has zoned the presidency to the south. But Arewa Citizens Action for Good… In "News"