The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Thursday warned that Fulani terrorists masquerading as herders are not welcome in the Southeast. IPOB explained that Fulani terrorists masquerading as herders are raping and killing the vulnerable in the region. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of IPOB, however, said the group is not against Hausas and non-indigenes residing in the Southeast. Powerful assured Hausas and non-indigenes residing in the Southeast of their safety in the region. According to Powerful: “The IPOB leadership call on all residents in Biafraland both Biafrans and non Biafrans to ignore this deliberate falsehood from a terrorist infested and discredited Nigerian Army Headquarters and unequivocally assure them of their safety and enjoin them to go about their businesses anywhere in Biafraland without fear of molestation. “The only people that are not and will not be welcomed in Biafraland are Fulani terrorists masquerading as herdsmen who are destroying our farmlands with their unclean cows, molesting and raping our mothers, sisters and wives farming in our bushes and forests and murdering our people doing their legitimate farm work. “It is now Imperative for the Nigerian military, whose highest echelons as well as new recruits are dominated by Fulani terrorists masquerading as the Nigerian army to recall their kinsmen occupying any space in our bushes and forests to vacate those places forthwith. The Nigerian army must withdraw their terrorist foot soldiers sent into Biafraland as Fulani Herdsmen because there will be no hiding place in our land for them. “IPOB is a peaceful freedom movement that is a given. However, we have a duty as a people to protect our land and our people against Fulani terrorist Herdsmen. We are not begging Fulani terrorists to vacate our farmlands and forest, but we will chase them out of our bushes and forests where they stay to kidnap, kill and rape our mothers, wives and sisters on the farms, DailyTimes gathered. “Nigeria’s military should be appreciative that we are helping them to stop Fulani terrorists, the fourth most deadly terror group in the world terror index here in Biafraland, formerly the Eastern Nigeria. But they will not because the Fulani terror Herdsmen are their foot soldiers and one and the same with the Nigerian army. In the North, Civilian JTF assisted them against the Boko Haram group, and the army cooperated with them. “Now ask yourself why can’t the Nigerian army also cooperate with us against the common enemy the Fulani terrorists hiding in our forests. Instead of appreciating us for helping to checkmate the activities of these mass murderers, the Nigerian army is after us. The Nigerian Army and its sister security agencies, especially DSS should stop giving false intelligence reports to cause confusion because of the hatred they have for Biafran people, particularly the IPOB family group. “We must chase the murderous Fulani terrorists masquerading as Herdsmen and killing innocent citizens who are going about their farm work out of Biafraland. “We are aware that the Fulani and security men and women are the same people they should call their brothers to come out from the Biafra bushes and forests. “Northerners and other non-Biafrans living in Biafraland, so long as you are not committing any crime in our land should not entertain fears, especially the Hausa people living with us here. Biafrans have absolutely nothing against the Hausa people and the Hausa community in Biafraland because they are also victims of Fulani terror and manipulation. READ ALSO: Reno Omokri : Why Buhari’s order to ministers is.. “What we are after are Fulani terrorists masquerading as herdsmen who are raping our mothers, sisters and wives in the bushes and forests. The land of Biafra forbids this generation will fold their arms and allow our land to be overrun by Fulani terrorist Herdsmen from the foothills of Futa Jalon. “We are only defending our innocent and hapless people abandoned to their fate by the terrorist sympathizing Nigeria security agencies, who have left them at the mercy of the mass-murdering Fulani herdsmen.” The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), led by Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has taken a swipe at presidential media Aide, Mallam Garba Shehu over his recent call on the International community to tag IPOB as a terrorist group. Emma Powerful, the Media and Publicity Secretary of the IPOB in a release… In "News" By Charles Onyekwere, Abakaliki The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has alleged that Fulani herdsmen are planning to attack the people of South-East and South-South zones during this yeltide. IPOB alerted people of the two zones to be cautious and security conscious, at these periods adding that the herdsmen would… In "News" The Indigenous People of Biafra has called on Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to President Muhammadu Buhari, to moderate his campaign of calumny against the group. IPOB in a statement by its spokesperson, Emma Powerful, faulted Shehu, who reportedly was of the view that the international… In "News"