Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has declared support for the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar. Recall that the governor, on Saturday, lost the party’s presidential ticket to the former Vice President, Atiku. There have been speculations that Governor Wike may jettison the party’s interest by refusing to support the winner of the primary election. But shortly after Atiku paid him a courtesy visit in his Abuja residence on Monday, Wike said he had vowed to support anyone who emerged as flag bearer of the party. READ ALSO: Delta 2023: Omo-Agege congratulates APC candidates In a tweet on his official Twitter handle, Wike said he would be in full support of Atiku’s bid to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. He wrote, “I made a vow to the Official Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Nigeria that i will support whoever emerges from the #PDPPresidentialPrimaries and I am not going to go back on my word. “We cannot abandon the PDP, we will be fully supporting Atiku Abubakar”. By Tunde Opalana …Blames Wike's loss on exceptional treachery from Sokoto Concerned about the victory of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2023 presidential elections, a group within the party has advocated that a firm collaboration between Alhaji Atiku Abubakar and Governor Nyesom Wike is absolutely essential. The PDP… In "Politics" By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the emergence of the former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar as its presidential candidate as an indication that the 2023 election will be a moment of historic decision of all Nigerians to right the wrongs of the misrule by… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana Ahead of today's presidential primary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), there is serious crisis threatening some state chapters of the party over lists of delegates. Crisis in Abia, Enugu, Ebonyi, Rivers, Edo and Ogun states are caused by mistrust among members and stakeholders on compilation of… In "Headlines"