By Tunde Opalana Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has commenced a healing process in the party by paying visits to his opponents in last Saturday’s presidential primary election. The former Vice President on Monday visited Rivers State Governor, Mr Nyeson Wike, former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Anyim Pius Anyim. Atiku in the morning, stormed the Asokoro, Abuja residence of Wike in company of eminent PDP members in his entourage. With Atiku were former Ekiti State Governor and PDP presidential aspirant, Ayodele Fayose, former Minister of Justice and Attorney General, Mohammed Bello Adoke, SAN; Chief Dan Orbih; Senator Olaka Nwogu; Senator Ehigie Uzamere; Mr Tunde Ayeni, Engineer Emeka Woke, amongst other PDP chieftains. In the short but colourful meeting, the two politicians and their supporters discussed how to look beyond the primary but move forward to project the party to Nigerians ahead of the 2023 election, DailyTimes gathered. Sources said it was a successful meeting meant to reconcile the two party chieftains and give the PDP a robust outing against the ruling All Progressives Congress in the coming election. READ ALSO: MNJTF kills 30 terrorists, recovers fully-loaded gun.. Wike came second at the election polling 237 votes while the winner scored 371 votes. Atiku in his confirmed Twitter and Facebook accounts, said: “In continuation of my commitment to bring everyone on board in ensuring that the @OfficialPDPNig stands as one united party, earlier today, I visited His Excellency Gov Nyseom Wike at his Abuja residence. “This is a continuous process”. Recall that in his acceptance speech immediately after the party’s convention Atiku had commended his co- contestants and promised to work with them all in enduring victory for the party. He said: “Let me also use this opportunity to call on my fellow contestants and to assure them that I am ready to cooperate and work with them and give them a sense of belonging in this party and our next government”. The PDP flag bearer also visited Dr. Bukola Saraki and Anyim Pius Anyim in their respective Abuja homes on the same mission. Daily Times also recalls that Atiku early on Sunday visited the Sokoto State Governor, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal in Abuja. Tambuwal contributed to Atiku’s victory by withdrawing from the race and instructed his supporting delegates to transfer his votes to the Waziri Adamawa. The party’s candidate is expected to also visit other aspirants who contested with him at the convention. Atiku need the support of everyone to rally round him when the PDP kick start presidential campaign later in the year. Meanwhile, the chairman, Board of Trustees of PDP, Senator Walid Jibrin said Atiku’s victory is a good omen for all Nigerians. He said on Monday that “Atiku’s success at the recently concluded PDP primaries has opened a good way for all Nigerians when it comes to the 2023 general election to elect Nigerian President. “We must remember that Atiku was earlier elected at PDP primaries at Port- Harcourt in 2019 but was nakedly sabotaged by APC through an unholy way. “We must remember the good performance of Atiku as vice-president of General Obasanjo. Our party must be fully congratulated for playing a good role and of course all our delegates across the 36 states and the FCT. “The BoT also congratulated Senator David Mark and the whole of his committee members for organising one of the best electoral national convention after the Port – Harcourt convention chaired by Governor Okowa of Delta State in 2019”. The BoT Chairman advised that the party should be conscious by coming together as one entity as a party, to ensure the party speaks with one voice. Sen. Jibrin promised that the BoT will assist the party to ensure that Atilu pick an acceptable running mate from the southern part of Nigeria. By Tunde Opalana Ahead of today's presidential primary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), there is serious crisis threatening some state chapters of the party over lists of delegates. Crisis in Abia, Enugu, Ebonyi, Rivers, Edo and Ogun states are caused by mistrust among members and stakeholders on compilation of… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana …Blames Wike's loss on exceptional treachery from Sokoto Concerned about the victory of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2023 presidential elections, a group within the party has advocated that a firm collaboration between Alhaji Atiku Abubakar and Governor Nyesom Wike is absolutely essential. The PDP… In "Politics" By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the emergence of the former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar as its presidential candidate as an indication that the 2023 election will be a moment of historic decision of all Nigerians to right the wrongs of the misrule by… In "Headlines"