The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Thursday, urged Pastor Williams Kumuyi of Deeper Life Bible Church to cancel his scheduled crusade in Abia State. IPOB’s spokesman, Emma Powerful, warned Kumuyi to stop the planned crusade due to the security in the Southeast. Stressing that IPOB would not allow anyone to die, Powerful noted that any death incurred during the crusade would be blamed on the group. Powerful said: “We the global movement and family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great leader Mazi Nnamdi KANU wishes to advise Pastor Kumuyi of Deeper life Ministry to take note of the security situation in the South East as he comes to Aba for his gospel crusade. ”Let him and the organisers of the crusade make sure that nothing happens. The security of this region is not good because of political and criminal activities; therefore we advise him to stop this crusade for security reasons, DailyTimes gathered. “IPOB will not allow anyone to die because of this crusade scheduled to hold in Aba. The operation of criminals operating as unknown gunmen infiltrating the events is high and they will blame it on IPOB. READ ALSO: Dingyadi: Magu retired before new promotion was… “We ask him to pray for an end to the insecurity in Biafra land if he can. We charge Christians and men of God in Biafra land to engage God in fervent prayers to expose all those behind the insecurity in our land. “Kumuyi should also pray against wicked Leaders and saboteurs in Biafra land and Nigeria. They are the real problems of the people. Let him use the opportunity to pray against the powers holding people captive in Nigeria in his church in Lagos.” The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Thursday warned that Fulani terrorists masquerading as herders are not welcome in the Southeast. IPOB explained that Fulani terrorists masquerading as herders are raping and killing the vulnerable in the region. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of IPOB, however, said the group is not… In "News" The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has asked Facebook and other social media platforms to stop allowing the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) to use their platforms to incite violence and instigate ethnic hatred in Nigeria. The Minister made the demand in Abuja on Tuesday at a… In "News" “Unknown Gunmen”, a group of rogue insurgents have said only the release of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), will restore peace to the southeast region. DailyTimes learned that the gunmen, in letters written to nine Local Government Areas (LGAs) in Anambra state, notifying them… In "News"