Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode, has reacted to President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive asking his appointees to resign. Fani-Kayode said Buhari’s order to his cabinet members was commendable and timely. Buhari, at the Federal Executive Council, FEC, meeting on Wednesday told cabinet members who have declared their political ambition to resign before Monday, May 16, DailyTimes gathered. This directive affects the following cabinet members, Abubakar Malami, Attorney General of the Federation; the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi; Minister of Science and Technology, Ogbonnaya Onu. Others are Minister of State for Education, Emeka Nwajiuba, Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige; Minister of State for Petroleum, Timipre Sylva. Reacting to the development, Fani-Kayode tweeted: “The directive by Mr. President to Ministers and political appointees that are interested in running for public office to resign is commendable and timely.” READ ALSO: Girl who slept with dog for N1.7m in viral video dies.. Meanwhile, Ngige had said he would consult with his constituents on if he should resign. However, Nwajiuba has resigned his appointment in furtherance of his presidential ambition. The All Progressives Congress, APC Youths and Solidarity Forum have called on serving Minsters in President Muhammadu Buhari’s cabinet to resign before the forthcoming primaries of the party.  The youths in their thousands who besieged the APC Headquarters in Abuja today said the party is not the property of any… In "News" The Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godswill Akpabio, has tendered his resignation. Akpabio’s resignation is in line with President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive that cabinet members interested in contesting the 2023 general elections should quit before May 16. The Minister’s Personal Assistant to the Minister on Media, Jackson Udom, confirmed the… In "Politics" Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo on Monday officially joined the race for the presidency as he declared his intention to contest in the 2023 general elections. Osinbajo, in a short broadcast on his Twitter handle, on Monday morning, said, “I believe that the very reason that the Almighty God gave me these… In "News"