The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Monday, arrested Ahmed Idris, accountant-general of the federation, over alleged fraud. Idris was said to have been arrested in Kano. EFCC spokesman Wilson Uwujaren confirmed his arrest in a statement issued on Monday evening,  DailyTimes gathered. The commission, in a statement, said it is investigating the accountant-general over alleged misappropriation of funds to the tune of N80 billion. The EFCC also said it arrested Idris after he failed to respond to invitations by the commission to answer questions over the allegation. The statement reads: “Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on Monday, May 16, 2022, arrested serving Accountant General of the Federation, Mr. Ahmed Idris, in connection with diversion of funds and money laundering activities to the tune of N80billion (Eighty Billion Naira) only,” the statement reads. READ ALSO: Pastor Bakare: Quran does not support killing based on… “The Commission’s verified intelligence showed that the AGF raked off the funds through bogus consultancies and other illegal activities using proxies, family members and close associates. “The funds were laundered through real estate investments in Kano and Abuja. “Mr. Idris was arrested after failing to honour invitations by the EFCC to respond to issues connected to the fraudulent acts.” By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has accused the Buhari Presidency of allowing the mass looting of public funds to corruptly create a war chest for the APC to intimidate Nigerians and muscle the 2023 general elections. The PDP alerted that the APC is diverting public funds meant… In "Politics" The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has denied the “theft” of N10.9billion belonging to the National Intelligence Agency (NIA) by its official. On April 12, 2017, the EFCC uncovered about $43.5million, £27,800 and N23.2 million inside Apartment 7B, Osborne Towers in Ikoyi, Lagos. Vice President Yemi Osinbajo chaired a… In "News" Tunde Opalana, Abuja Sokoto State government has challenge the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) or any Anti- corruption agency to make available evidence on the alleged diversion of N189 billion state fund by Governor Aminu Tambuwal. This is as the government slammed political detractors of Gov. Tambuwal for sponsoring… In "News"