President Muhammadu Buhari will on Thursday jet out of Nigeria to meet the new President of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, to convey his condolences on the death of the former president and Ruler of Abu Dhabi, His Highness, Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan. Buhari will, during the trip, congratulate the new President and renew the bonds of the longstanding friendship between Nigeria and the UAE, DailyTimes gathered. Buhari had, in an earlier message, reiterated Nigeria’s cordial relationship with the UAE. He noted that the cooperation between both governments has helped Nigeria in tracking down illegal assets and tracing terrorist funds. READ ALSO: Ben Enwonwu’s Ogolo valued at $105,000 at ARTSPLIT’s… The Minister of State Foreign Affairs, Amb. Zubairu Dada; the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Prof. Isa Ali Pantami; the Minister of Federal Capital Territory, Mohammed Bello; and the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika will accompany the President A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Buhari’s Senior Special Assistant to the President added that the President will be back in Nigeria on Saturday. President Muhammadu Buhari arrives the United Arab Emirates for the Dubai 2020 Expo on December 2, 2021. President Muhammadu Buhari has arrived in the United Arab Emirates where he would participate in the Dubai Expo 2020. The Personal Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Broadcast Media, Buhari Sallau, disclosed this… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari departs Abuja today Wednesday to attend EXPO 2020 Dubai in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). EXPO 2020 Dubai, with the theme, “Connecting Minds, Creating the Future”, creates the environment for Nigeria to join over 190 countries to forge true and meaningful partnerships “to build a better future… In "Headlines" A former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri, on Wednesday branded the directive by President Muhammadu Buhari to his ministers who have political ambitions to resign with immediate effect, “incomplete”. According to Omokri, “for it to have potency, it must be expanded to include Godwin Emefiele, the Central Bank… In "News"