The Lagos State Zonal Command of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission, EFCC, has secured the conviction and sentencing of one Li Lei Lei to two years imprisonment over mutilation of the Nigerian currency (Naira). The Chinese national was convicted by Justice I. Nicholas Oweibo of the Federal High Court sitting in Ikoyi, Lagos on Tuesday, DailyTimes gathered. He was arraigned on a four-count charge which bothers on tampering of the Nigerian currency note, an offence punishable under Section 21(1) of the Central Bank of Nigeria Establishment) Act. RAED ALSO: Two killed as police invade ESN hideout, arrest. One of the count reads: “That you, Li Lei Lei, about the 17th day of May, 2022, at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos State, within the jurisdiction of this Honorable Court, tampered with One Thousand Naira (N1,000) Note, with serial number 947882 issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under Section 21(1) of the Central Bank of Nigeria Establishment) Act, Cap C4, Vol.1, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2010.” Archbishop Sam Zuga who recently promised to clear 97B Dollars of Federal Government of Nigeria's debts in 12 months using Zugacoin has just met with the Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr. Kingsley Isitua Obiora. The Archbishop confirmed his successful meeting with the executives inside CBN… In "News" *Says Naira4Dollar scheme boosts remittances to $100m per week *As CIBN president, Olugbemi congratulates CBN over launch of e-naira MOTOLANI OSENI As part of the efforts to catalyze further growth of the Nigerian economy, not less than a whopping one trillion naira in seed funding has been pulled together for… In "Business" Stella Oduah, the lawmaker representing Anambra-North senatorial district was recently in the news for controversy bothering on NYSC certificate scandal. The Director-General of the NYSC, in a letter signed on his behalf by the Director, Press and Public Relations, Eddy Megwa, while responding to an inquiry by a group known… In "News"