International event planner and in-demand personal stylist, Bukonla Ifedayo Esan (better known by her social media name Bukkykoga) recently affirmed that December 13, 2015 (13.12.15) was an important date in her life because it was on that day she launched her BKGlam boutique in Lekki, Lagos. She made this disclosure while answering random questions about her business group―which comprised of BKGlam Event, the event planning arm and BK Glam International, the arm focused on fashion and styling. Despite that Lagos is a city brimming with thousands of boutiques and dress stores, Bukkykoga, famously known as a wedding planner with the Midas touch, avowed that her BKGlam boutique is different. Said she: “BKGlam is an all-in-one store, and clients don’t have to break the bank to patronise us.” READ ALSO: Blasphemy: Sheikh Mansour has called on Nigerian.. BukkyKoga, who was the planner behind some of society’s biggest weddings of the past five years, avowed that BKGlam’s handling of clients’ events is topnotch and second to none. “We have different packages, ranging from silver to gold and to platinum, depending on client’s affordability,” she said while further affirming that BKGlam “caters to events and styling all over the world.” Reinforcing her credential as an A-list wedding planner, Bukkykoga recalled some of the big events she had handled in the past. “I handled a massive event called OVA35 by Ololade Abuta, the event had over 5, 000 guests. To be honest, I have lost count of weddings and birthdays I have done over the past years. We are that busy,” she stated. While BKGlam handles events of all kinds and sizes, Bukkykoga has specific types that are right up her alley. “Weddings and round figure birthdays,” she confirmed. Any doubt about the popularity of herbal and spiritual products being sold by Murrays Corner was recently dispelled by the CEO of the MurrayKurves Secrets brand, Aderemi Hellen Fiyin. Posting on her Instagram handle @murraykurves_secrets, Aderemi revealed that she made an average of 10 million naira in three days. “Wetin… In "News" Gray Tiger, It has been three months since 2022 was welcomed by all, anticipating and hoping for greater achievements while believing and working their way through. This optimism was not limited to a class of people but has become a way of life for everyone. In the same light, a… In "Business" The Women at Risk International Foundation, WARIF a non-profit organization leading the charge against gender based violence in Nigeria, held its third annual advocacy March to raise awareness against Gender based Violence in Nigeria, to commemorate the UN 16 Days of Activism for Gender Based Violence as well as their… In "News"