A former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri, on Wednesday branded the directive by President Muhammadu Buhari to his ministers who have political ambitions to resign with immediate effect, “incomplete”. According to Omokri, “for it to have potency, it must be expanded to include Godwin Emefiele, the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN Governor’,DailyTimes gathered. “General Buhari’s order to his ministers who want to contest for the Presidency to resign with immediate effect is commendable, yet incomplete. For it to have potency, it must be expanded to include Emefiele, the CBN Governor, whose conflict of interest is alarming!” Omokri wrote on his verified Twitter handle. This online news medium had earlier reported that President Buhari today directed all members of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) eyeing elective positions to resign. READ ALSO: Kanu Nwankwo, hotel fined by Lagos court Lai Mohammed, the Minister of Information, revealed this while briefing newsmen on the outcome of the FEC meeting presided over by Buhari at the Council Chambers of the Presidential Villa in Abuja. According to him, ministers eyeing the presidency and other government appointees who wants to contest for governorship positions, have been given up till May 16, 2022, to quit the cabinet. Among the ministers eyeing elective seats are Rotimi Amaechi (Transportation), Chris Ngige (Labour), Abubakar Malami (Justice), Godswill Akpabio (Niger Delta) and Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba (State for Education). Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode, has reacted to President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive asking his appointees to resign. Fani-Kayode said Buhari’s order to his cabinet members was commendable and timely. Buhari, at the Federal Executive Council, FEC, meeting on Wednesday told cabinet members who have declared their political ambition to resign… In "News" Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo on Monday officially joined the race for the presidency as he declared his intention to contest in the 2023 general elections. Osinbajo, in a short broadcast on his Twitter handle, on Monday morning, said, “I believe that the very reason that the Almighty God gave me these… In "News" A pro-democracy and pressure group, Arewa Youth Agenda (AYA), has called on the Central Bank Governor, Godwin Emefiele to desist from using tax payers’ money to fuel his presidential campaign that has engulfed the entire nation for the past three weeks, and concentrate on making the Nigeria economy work and… In "News"