A Presidential aspirant on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Adamu Garba, has announced his resignation from the ruling party. In his resignation letter sighted by DAILY POST on Wednesday, Garba, who earlier withdrew from the APC presidential race following high cost of nomination and interest forms, accused the party of losing its moral bearing. Garba, who earlier said he raised more than N80 million from his supporters to purchase the N100 million form, alleged that APC has no regard for the future of the country. Part of the letter reads, “My resignation was due to the fact that APC as a party, has lost its moral bearing and has taken to some exclusionary practices which are against standard democracy, DailyTimes gathered. “More importantly, as a young man who believes in the future of Nigeria, and has high hopes in APC before now, I cannot continue to retain membership of a party that favours money beyond competency. READ ALSO: I come from a long line of royalty – Cross… “APC has betrayed public trust over the years and has turned out to be doing much worse than the previous government. “The party seems to be favoring its enemies more than its friends, adversaries than its loyalists. APC has no practical plan for the future of Nigeria”. By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has accused the Buhari Presidency of allowing the mass looting of public funds to corruptly create a war chest for the APC to intimidate Nigerians and muscle the 2023 general elections. The PDP alerted that the APC is diverting public funds meant… In "Politics" As controversies continue to trill the proposed national convention of the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), some aspirants have written to President Muhammad Buhari, expressing confidence in the Governor Mai Mala Buni led Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC). This is coming on the heels of an open letter by… In "News" A political Support group, "Got Your Back Nigeria" has said Governor Yahaya Bello, the essential GYB will run for the Presidential Ticket of the All Progressive Congress APC. The National Co-ordinator of the group Prof Chris Mustapha Nwaokobia Jnr, said Governor Bello will pursue his ambition to re-fix, reset and… In "News"