Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has expressed sadness over the killing of a female student of Shehu Shagari College of Education Sokoto State. DailyTimes earlier reported that the student who was identified as Deborah Yakubu was lynched by some male Muslim students for allegedly insulting Prophet Mohammed in a WhatsApp platform. The unfortunate incident has continued to generate reactions from concerned Nigerians who are demanding justice for the 200-level student. Bishop Kukah in a statement he personally signed, called on relevant authorities to fish out the perpetrators without delay. According to him, those who carried out the attack must be punished according to the law of the country, saying the matter must be treated as a criminal case. He said, “I have received with deep shock the incident that occured in the Shehu Shagari College of Education Sokoto State leading to the gruesome murder of Miss Deborah Yakubu, a 200 level home economics student today. READ ALSO: Reno Omokri : Why Buhari’s order to ministers is… “We condemn this incident in the strongest terms and call on the authorities to investigate this tragedy and ensure that all the culprits are brought to book. “The only obligation that is owed her immediate family, her fellow students and the school authority is the assurance that those who are guilty of this inhuman act, no matter their motivation, are punished according to the law of the land. “Christians have lived peacefully with their Muslim neighbours in Sokoto over the years. This matter must be treated as a criminal act and the law must take its cause”. A yet-to-be-identified female student of Shehu Shagari College of Education in Sokoto was on Thursday beaten and burnt to death for alleged blasphemy. POLITICS NIGERIA reports that the school has announced its shutdown over the crisis. This newspaper obtained a copy of the announcement. The treatment of those deemed to… In "News" Tunde Opalana, Abuja Sokoto State government has challenge the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) or any Anti- corruption agency to make available evidence on the alleged diversion of N189 billion state fund by Governor Aminu Tambuwal. This is as the government slammed political detractors of Gov. Tambuwal for sponsoring… In "News" By Haruna Salami The Senate has urged the National Association of Nigerian Students, NANS to continue to toe the part of consultation, not confrontation as the upper chamber promises to bring Federal Government and the striking Academic Union of Universities, ASUU back to the negotiating table. The Senate President Ahmad… In "News"