The Leader Of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, on Thursday urged President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to release the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu. Primate Ayodele said Kanu should be released because he isn’t the problem of insecurity in the South East. He noted that the basis of the attacks in the South East was caused by the grievances of the people on how they have been prevented from getting into power. In a statement by his media aide, Oluwatosin Osho, the man of God noted that the government will soon understand it and Kanu will be released soon because keeping him in prison will not add value to peace in the South East zone. Primate Ayodele commended Governor Charles Soludo of Anambra State for visiting Kanu in the custody of the Department of State Services, DSS. He advised all southern governors to follow suit for the sake of peace,  DailyTimes gathered. The cleric restated the fact that Kanu isn’t the problem of unrest and should not be allowed to suffer for it. READ ALSO: Ben Enwonwu’s Ogolo valued at $105,000 at ARTSPLIT’s… He called on the government to settle the issue of sidelining the Igbos from power especially in 2023 for peace to reign. ‘’Governor Soludo has taken a very good step by visiting him, this is what southern governors should have done for the sake of peace. Other governors are selling their ethnicity for nothing, the northerners will never do that. ‘’Kanu is not against any government, the government just doesn’t know how to handle his matter, his case doesn’t need jail, it’s a small thing. Kanu cannot be a terrorist, all is needed is dialogue. ‘’Nnamdi Kanu is not the problem of unrest in South East, he should not be allowed to suffer for it. Igbo is already in Crisis, they are no longer in the political setting of Nigeria and this will still create more problems, these are the causes of agitations and unrest, not Nnamdi Kanu. The government should address the real issues because this unrest won’t stop until it is addressed,” he said. “Unknown Gunmen”, a group of rogue insurgents have said only the release of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), will restore peace to the southeast region. DailyTimes learned that the gunmen, in letters written to nine Local Government Areas (LGAs) in Anambra state, notifying them… In "News" The leader of the Yoruba socio-cultural group, Afenifere, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, has advised Igbo leaders not to antagonise the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. The IPOB leader allegedly breached the bail conditions granted him by Justice Binta Nyako before whom he was standing trial… In "News" Good Afternoon! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: Minister of information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed says the Federal Government has no intention to ban Facebook over purported inciting statements by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. He said this Wednesday while fielding questions from State House reporters after… In "News"