The Independent National Electoral Commission INEC, on Monday ran a mock exercise with the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) in Ekiti, ahead of the state’s governorship election. BVAS facilitates the accreditation of voters on election day, DailyTimes gathered. Speaking to reporters during the exercise, INEC’s Chairman, Mahmood Yakubu said the exercise had been a success. “We said we are going to do a mock-test in a few local government areas to further test the functionality of the machines before the election,” Yakubu said. “And so far, so good with the mock. “We have visited one of the polling centres in Ado; we are here in Ikere. From there we go to Irepodun/Ifelodun local government for the same reason. “And overall assessment is that we are happy with the functionality of the machines.” READ ALSO: Okorocha denies N2.9bn fraud charges, as Court remand… The INEC Chairman added that the electoral umpire was also interested in the readiness of facilities for the election. “As you can see, we have renovated the Ikere local government office, just as we have done with many other local government offices. These are not administrative facilities; they are also electoral assets.” By Tunde Opalana Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof. Mahmood Yakubu has assured Nigerians of credible election in 2023. He gave the assurance while addressing national commissioners at a retreat in Lagos on Monday. Yakubu reiterated that party primaries are scheduled to commence next Monday and end… In "Politics" By Tunde Opalana with agency report .Says any change in the June 3 deadline will affect other activities for election. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said that it is too late to tinker with the schedule of activities for the 2023 general elections. Mr. Festus Okoye, INEC National… In "Headlines" ...hails deployment of new technology for voters accreditation A civil society group, the Citizens Intervention and Accountability Network has said that it would collaborate with the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to address the challenges of voter apathy,  in the urban and rural areas during elections.This was stated when the… In "Politics"