The Airlines Operators of Nigeria (AON) has warned that the flight operations of its members may experience disruptions due to a growing scarcity of aviation fuel (Jet-A1). A statement signed by AON’s spokesperson Prof. Obiora Okonkwo, said the “The scarcity is impacting negatively on seamless conduct of air transport operations and would lead to flight rescheduling, and, or, cancellations.” However, the operators said they are “working very hard, and in alliance with product marketers, government and relevant stakeholders, to ensure availability and proper pricing of aviation fuel in the country. “While pleading the understanding of the flying public in the face of this reality, we also promise to do all that is necessary, and within our powers, to restore normal flight schedules as soon as possible.” The AON last week had threatened to shut down operations over the rising cost of Jet-A1. READ ALSO: Pastor Bakare: Quran does not support killing based on… The shutdown was called off after the Federal Government intervened. AON members on May 9 met with the leadership of the House of Representatives and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), DailyTimes gathered. The NNPC at the meeting pledged to make available six million litres of JetA1 to aviation fuel marketers chosen by the AON as part of efforts to temporarily resolve the crisis. But Group Managing Director of the NNPC, Mele Kyari, noted that the price of the product cannot be guaranteed because it is affected by global market forces. The Federal Government’s assurance that Nigeria Air would take-off in April 2022 may be another failed promise. On Sunday, the Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC) said the carrier will begin operations before President Muhammad Buhari leaves office. Acting Director-General, Michael Ohiani spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). The… In "News" The Minister of Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika, has said that the establishment of Nigeria Air will create 70,000 jobs in the country. Sirika, who made this known while addressing newsmen on Thursday in Abuja, said such a national project would reduce unemployment in the nation. According to him, the Federal… In "News" *As Aviation pressure group lauds FG’s reciprocity on Emirates Airlines John Okoh The Presidential Steering Committee plans to ban flight into and out of Nigeria for countries that have put the nation on their Omicron red alert, the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika, has disclosed. As a result with… In "Headlines"